人物 Adrina Daniels
问答对
Question: What is your dream car? 
Adrina: I think my dream car would definitely be a black Range Rover with a black interior. I don't know why I love that so much. I just really want to Range Rover 

Question: Who was the last person to make you cry?
Adrina: The last person that made me cry would probably be my best friends. On my birthday, eh, they surprised me with a surprise breakfast and they had cute little name tags and everything. And I just like really warm my heart that they would want to do something for that. So, like all of my best friends, like a baby cried and  I was so blessed for that.

Question: What's your go to ice cream flavor?
Adrina: My go to ice cream flavor is definitely mint chip. I love mint chocolate chip. 

Question: What are you passionate about? 
Adrina: I am passionate about a lot of things I'm passionate about writing. I'm passionate about being kind. I'm passionate about. Equality. I'm passionate about feminism. Like I think that women deserve equal rights and I'm passionate about a lot of things, honestly. But I think I'm just really passionate about Equality and I'm really passionate about being kind to others.

Question: What is something you hope will never change about you?
Adrina: Something that I hope will never change within me is like wanting to be the best version of myself every day. I feel like I am given a choice every day to be a better version of myself. And I always choose to grow and develop. And I hope that I never lose that drive in that path fashion.

Question: If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
Adrina: If I could only eat one food for the rest of my life, it would definitely be Chipotle. I feel like you could eat so many different options between like I should put label, you get a quesadilla, you get a bunch of things.
 
Question: What's the best memory I've had this far this year? 
Adrina: Okay, so I would definitely say my birthday. It was like a whole weekend of fun so Friday I went to Dom Dala, which is like an EDM festival with all my friends and like at midnight, return 21. So I had like a sash and then after that we went to downtown bars and they got me drinks. And like everyone was around me when I turned 21 at midnight. And then in the morning, I woke up my friend surprisingly with this breakfast. It was like beautiful. Like they all set it all up and stuff. And then we got all cute and dresses and did our hair and our makeup and we went on a Duffy boat. And on the Duffy mode we listen to music. It was all girls and it was really fun. And then after that, I had a birthday party at my house and everyone was there and everyone just had so much fun and I had all my friends around me and it was just like the best. It was the best birthday and I think that was my favorite memory.

Question: What words make you cringe whenever you hear them? 
Adrina: I don't know if I have any words that bother me I don't like the word squirm. Like I just don't like that word. I don't think it's very appealing. 

Question: Who is influenced you the most? 
Adrina: I think my dad is definitely influenced me the most. Like he's the one person in my life that is always push me do better and to work harder. I think he's been the only person that's kept it real with me and been like, you need to focus on yourself and you need to work harder. And he's always like, he's always been real and he's always never like sugarcoated anything. And I really appreciate that because I feel like a lot of people in my life try to sugarcoat things just because I've been through stuff and like they're just like trying to be nice.

Question: What do you think the happiest color is? 
Adrina: I think the happiest color would probably be yellow or like sunset orange. I love those colors. I think they're beautiful. And I think to the happiest because the sunsets always make me super happy. 

Question: Who is my hero
Adrina: My hero is Hannah Montana. I know that's so weird and like just random, but like whenever I was a kid, like I just love that she didn't want the fame and she didn't want the everyone to know her, who she was. She wanted people to know the real her. Like she wanted people to know her for Millie. And I feel like that's just like so cool for someone to have that much fame and like, to wanna be like not a pop star, just be like a normal high schooler. I think that's so cool. And like I always looked up to her. And even now, like I still love Hannah Montana, I still listen to her and I still watch the movie all the time. It's my favorite movie ever.

Question: What is my favorite quote? 
Adrina: I love the meaning behind everything and how you always find your way back home. I think that's adorable. 

Question: If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
Adrina: I think if I could live anywhere, it would definitely be like San Diego. Like I live here now and I love it. I if I could have my own home like in La Joya looking over the beach, I would be so content. I would be happy. That would be so happy to just live in San Diego and because of my family, it would be awesome. 

Question: What is my biggest fear?
Adrina: Definitely drowning or being suffocated. I do not wanna like that stuff terrifies me.

Question:What is your favorite family vacation? 
Adrina: I think my favorite family vacation, it's a tie between when we went to Cabo and we went to Hawaii, because they're both really fun. I feel like Cabo was fun because it was like we went on jet skis and there were boat rides. But then Hawaii was fun because we went to like a luao and the beaches were so pretty, and it was just such a cool environment. So like honestly, probably have to say Kaba because going jet skiing was so fun. But definitely my favorite family vacation.

Question: What I change about myself if I could I feel like I would change?
Adrina: Like sometimes I'm just really insecure and I feel like I would definitely want to change like my insecurities and just not worry about them so much and just like what? Like you should love yourself for who you are and how you are, how you appear. It's okay. 

Question: What makes you angry? 
Adrina: When people lie. I hate liars. I don't like it when people lie. I don't like it when people are like fake and they just like pretend to be someone or not. So I don't like liars.

Question: What motivates you to work hard? 
Adrina: I think my childhood definitely motivates me because I was never like candid anything and I was always told that I couldn't do it or I wouldn't be able to make it. And I just want to prove everyone that dotted me wrong. And it just motivates me to be like a hard worker. And so that's basically it let's see, what would you change about yourself if you could, hold on.

Question: What is your favorite thing about your career? 
Adrina: I think my favorite part about my career is that I guess like really help kids and help high schoolers share their success stories, and realize that their grades in there accomplishments aren't the only thing that defines them. I think that's a really cool. 

Question: What is your proudest accomplishment?
Adrina: My proudest accomplishment would probably be probably like committing for deal on water polo. I just know that it made my dad really happy and it was just like a really cool like thing that I got to accomplish. And although I only played for two years, I still think it was my biggest accomplishment.

Question: What was the last movie you went to and what did you think? 
Adrina: I went to Barbie and I loved it. I love the meaning behind Barbie. I thought it was so cool. I thought it was so real. And I think Barbie is like a really good movie. I think the meaning behind how, like, you're so small as a girl and you just wanna play with dolls and you think you're on top of the world. And then the next minute you're hit with reality and you just become a victim. And like everything like, changes for women when they grow up. And I just think the meaning behind it was so beautiful and it was cool, what does your child want to be when he or, she grows up.
 
Question: What did I want to be when I was a child? 
Adrina: I think child me went through so many things. Child me wanted to be a teacher. Child me wanted to be a lawyer. Child me wanted to be everything, a doctor, a nurse, a pediatrician.But I think now I'm kind of just figuring it out. I really like business. I really like the drive and like the competition that comes with being a businesswoman. And I think this is a good step for me in the right direction. And I think the job I'm in right now, getting to work with our youth, it really helps spring that soft spot energy. But also, like, I still have to talk to you, but I still to do outreach, like I still have to meet like a quota. And it's like, it's still like the same vibe. So I think it'll be great for me to do this job and see where this job takes me.

Question: What makes me laugh?
Adrina: The most time I'm laughing is when I'm with all of my best friends and we're all sitting in the living room, like talking about what happened the night before or we're just talking about things that have happened, like in college, like all his friends. And we'll just be cracking up and say the most funny stuff. And it always just reminds me that these are my best friends and I don't have to hide who I am with them. And it's just like the most beautiful thing. Like, love. I love that about them.

Question: What's your favorite book to read:
Adrina: My favorite book to read. And hum, I really like the mountain is you by Brianna West and the power of Positive Thinking. And I also like a gentle reminder by Bianca S. Barsino, I think. But I don't know, I really like self-help books. I really like books that kind of make me feel like I'm not alone and they kind of teach me things and they kind of comfort me.

Question: If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be? 
Adrina: Honestly, I think I would want to fly plane, get how to fly a plane and get a limo around everywhere and get interviewed on television and, and feel like a movie star. I think that would be my favorite way to live. What would you sing at karaoke night? Oh, I would absolutely sing you'll always find your Way back home by Hannah Montana. Actually I sang that at my birthday party and it was so fun. I had a blast. I literally sang it in front of all my friends. It was so fun.

Question: What would you rather do, wash dishes, lawn mowing, clean the bathroom or vacuum the house? 
Adrina: I think I would rather vacuum the house. I like vacuuming my better than washing dishes, mowing the lawn and cleaning the bathroom.

Question: If you could hire someone to help you, would it be cleaning, cooking or yardwork? 
Adrina: I think it would definitely be cleaning just because I feel like I can cook and I like to cook and like yard work. I don't really have a yard, so I wouldn't need that.

Question: If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be? 
Adrina: Oh, this is hard. This is so hard. One meal, like one significant meal? I don't know. I think probably like, I don't know, I feel like chicken. I feel like. No, burrito. A burrito. A chicken burrito with rice and beans, because I could do a lot with that. I'm gonna go with burrito have you ever had a nickname and what is it? Yes, I've had a nickname. My nickname is dreams. I don't know why. That's just what my friends call me.

Question: Do I like or dislike to surprises? Why or why not? 
Adrina: I feel like I like them. I definitely like surprises. I think it's really cute and really sweet when people think of you and they just know you to an extent where they can surprise you with something and they're like, she's gonna like this. I think that's amazing. 

Question: In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie or read I think watching movie?
Adrina: I'm definitely like a night owl and I love like watching TV and watching movies. I think it's really fun and I think it's really a good vibe.

Question: Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska. And why? 
Adrina: I think I would rather vacation in Hawaii just because Hawaii so tropical, so like isolated. I feel like everyone's so kind. The food is amazing, love wine, food and like the beaches are so beautiful. And I just love clear water. I think it's so awesome to swim in. And I just love reading books on the beach all day. Like that's just my vibe. So definitely Hawaii over Alaska.

Question: Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? 
Adrina: Oh, probably when the lottery, I'm gonna be real. Winning the lottery would be sick. Like I could win the lottery and then just like write for the rest of my life and, like, freelance, right, and, like, focus on my passions and still be able to work my perfect job for me that, like, have money and not have to worry about going to work. Or, like, I could take vacations whenever I want and, like, be with my family whenever I want and do whatever I want.

Question: Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
Adrina: Oh, probably my friend Becky, just because I know she would know how to do everything, like, build a fire, cook. Like, she would just know. And I don't think I would know anything if money was no object. 

Question: What would you do all day? 
Adrina: Oh, oh, I probably just shop. I love fashion and I would just shop till I drop. Like, I literally would just buy as many clothes as I can, like look cool, as cool as I can. Like, it would just be amazing. 

Question: How would your friends describe you? 
Adrina: Let me think. My friends would probably describe me as being a really kind individual and being very outgoing. I feel like I never have a hard time talking to random people. And I feel like a lot of random people always reach out to me and ask for advice for some reason, which I love because I love giving advice. But I would say that I'm very outgoing.

Question: What are your hobbies? 
Adrina: My hobbies, I love, like going on walks and hikes and being outdoors. I love hanging out my friends. I love going to the beach, riding my bike, reading, watching TV, watching movies and just doing all that is really fun to me.

Question: What is the best gift I've ever received? 
Adrina: I don't know. I feel like when I got my first phone, I was super excited. But I don't know. It's hard cuz I've gotten a lot of great gifts, but I don't know, like, oh, I don't remember. I really don't know. I really am trying to think about my favorite gift. And I don't know, I have to think about that.

Question: Aside from necessities, what's one thing you could not go a day without? 
Adrina: I could not go a day without my hairbrush. I guess that is a necessity. My perfume. I love my perfume, my Billy Eyelish perfume. It is, I have to smell like a vanilla all the time and it smells so good. So my perfume.


Question: Okay if you were  a superhero, what powers would I have? 
Adrina: I would love to fly and teleport. I feel like I would just be able to go places wherever I wanted. And whenever I feel like I need you to go, like I could just get up, go. How many pairs of shoes you own I own like 20 pairs of shoes. I want to say, what would you do if you won the lottery? I would literally quit my job, run away, travel the world, go to every single place I could possibly go to, bring all of my friends, get a private jet, like the whole shipping. I would just do everything in my power to have the best time ever.

Question: What's your favorite zoo animal? 
Adrina: I don't know. I think I like giraffes. I think giraffes are my thing. Like, I like, they're really funny. I remember I would like go to the zoo with my grandma when I was a kid and we would feed the giraffes carrots, and like the giraff's tongue would like wrap around the carrot and it made me laugh. So that's why I like them 

Question: How many pillows do you sleep with? 
Adrina: Okay, fun fact, I do have 10 pillows on my bed, but I only use three. So technically I sleep with three pillows, but I have 10. But a lot of them are decorative, so, oh, it's really random.

Question: What's the longest time I've gone without sleep and why? 
Adrina: Oh, definitely, when I had a layover in Paris, I went like 48 hours without sleep, and I was actually going insane 

Question: Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence? 
Adrina: Oh, I wouldn't have to trade because I feel like I am intelligent and I love the way I look, because I'm a confident human.


Question: How often do you buy clothes? 
Adrina: I buy clothes a lot. I buy clothes probably every few weeks. I bought new clothes. 

Question: What's your favorite holiday? 
Adrina: My favorite holidays, definitely Christmas. I love Christmas. I love the vibe, Christmas brains. I think Christmas lights are like one of my favorite things to look at. They're just so pretty. And then I feel like the meaning behind Christmas is like everyone comes together, everyone's happy, like everyone's home for the holidays when it's Christmas, like, well, people from the military come home, like people from college come home, people from work get time off. Like it's just a time where everyone is together and everyone has that time to be a family and have that joy and that good cooking and like the presents and all.


Question: Do you love or hate roller coasters? 
Adrina: I love roller coasters. I think they're really fun. 

Question: How long does it take you to get ready in the morning? 
Adrina: I would say 30 to 40 minutes. I have to do my hair and I wear a little makeup, and then I have to pick my outfit, eat my breakfast. Usually it takes me like 45 minutes to do all that.

Question:  What's the most daring thing you've ever done? 
Adrina: I think the most daring thing I've ever done is travel to Europe alone and basically just kind of dropped everything, was like, what? I'm gonna go to Europe and I'm gonna have a blast and I'm gonna make friends and it's gonna be okay. So I think that's the most daring thing you've ever done.


Question: Are you a clean or messy person? 
Adrina: Definitely a clean person. My room is always really clean and I'm I like to keep our house really clean and make sure everything's really tidy in the bathroom and everything like that.

Question: What's my favorite fast food chain? 
Adrina: Oh, I definitely think chick fil is my favorite fast food chain. I love chick fil. 

Question: What's your favorite family recipe? 
Adrina: My stepmom makes like this shrimp scampy dish and it's so good. Like a pasta is just so good. The way that she makes it is just like unmatched.


Question: What's my favorite movie? 
Adrina: This is hard cuz I have a lot, but like my die hard favorite movie is definitely Hannah Montana, the movie, definitely love that movie. Think really good movie.


Question:  How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? 
Adrina: I think I was like 12. I don't know. I think I was twelve, but I don't even remember cuz I feel like it was just like someone said at school and I came home and I was like, Santa's not real. And my parents were like sorry. And they had to explain the whole thing. And it was such a sad moment. I feel like the moment that like you realize Santa is around like when your childhood ends. And it's really sad.

Question: What's your favorite subject in school? 
Adrina: Probably like, English or psychology classes. I love learning about how people think, and I love writing about it. So they both go in, like, they both kind of coincide. 

Question: What's the most unusual thing I've ever eaten?
Adrina: Oh, I don't even know. Oh, I think I ate cow tongue one time.I remember I was with my family and we tried it, and that was weird.

Question: Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Adrina: I wish wearing stockings was, like, normal. I love wearing stockings under skirts and stuff, and I think it's so cool, but I just feel like it's not in fashion. So I don't think that's gonna work out for me in my favor if I wear that out places right now, but that's okay.


Question: What three things do you think of most each day? 
Adrina: I definitely think about my family. I try to text my family every day. I think about my friends and I think about my agenda, my homework and like what I have to do and like all the stuff on my plate for the week. 

Question: What is your favorite type of music specific? 
Adrina: So I think my favorite type of music is definitely like wholesome music. I love like no Kahan and the Lumineers and like songs that just kind of make me feel something. But when I'm like running, which I love running, I'll listen to house music and EDM. That's like a lot of really upbeat and I feel like I'm very ADHD. 

Question:  What's the last concert you went to? 
Adrina: The last concert I attended was Dom Dala. It was really fun and someone lifted me on their shoulders and I had a blast. 

Question: What is your go to comfort food?
Adrina: My go to comfort food is a glizzys, a Costco hot dog. It's the best. And Costco pizza just hits like whenever I have a late night with my friends and then we wake up and we're like, we just go to Costco. It's the best.

Question: Do I believe in any superstitions? 
Adrina: Nope. I don't think so. Why not? I just don't. 

Question: If you can meet any historical figure, who would it be?
Adrina: If I could meet any historical figure. It's hard. I don't know. I'm trying to think. I would probably wanna meet like even it like people that are alive. Honestly, I would love to meet Oprah. I just feel like she's really impacted a lot of people and like having that power and like, just asking her how she started, like a whole TV show, giving people hundreds of thousands of dollars just for fun.Just cuz it's crazy. Like, I would love to me Oprah. 

Question: Do you think you're more of an introvert or not?
Adrina: Definitely an extrovert till I die. I'm a Leo, so my whole personality is basically an extrovert I'm definitely very extroverted, I would say. I feel like people look up to me in that way because I'm, I can just talk to anyone and I'm not afraid of it. And it's weird. I don't know.I was just born like that. Like I just literally have no fear when it comes to talking to people. I feel like it's just, it's like something that I just don't struggle with, which I'm very blessed about.

Question: What's your favorite season? 
Adrina: Summer. I love summer. I'm tan, I'm blonde, I'm happy. I don't have school looks really. Spirit season, my least favorite season. I don't know. I just feel like spring, it's kind of irrelevant. I Like fall in winter have such homey vibes. Like fall, there's like socks and not pumpkin spice and like the leaves fall and like winter's Christmas and there's Christmas lights and family and love. And that's all stuff I love. And spring is just like irrelevant. I feel like it's just like, I guess this starting to bloom and it's starting to feel like summer, but it's not summer. So I feel like I still like spring. Nothing against spring. 

Question: What's your most used app?
Adrina: My most used app is Spotify. I listen to music like 24 hours of the day.

Question: Are you a morning person, what;s youyr routine?
Adrina: Yes, I am a morning routine person. I definitely wake up, make my bed, Journal coffee, and I'm just a routine person in general. I have, I literally like write out my week with times and I'm gonna do stuff and I feel like that really helps me. 

Question: What's your favorite way to exercise?
Adrina: Definitely incline walk on the treadmill. Because like running, I love running outside too, though. Like there they go hand in hand. But running I get shin swans and it hurts. And incline walk is just kind of like I feel like I'm earning a lot of calories, but I don't have to be in pain. 

Question: What's something you're hoping for right now? 
Adrina: I hope I graduate, like I'm hoping I can. I'm sure it'll happen, but I'm just hoping for the best graduate this year and then after that, let's see. I'm really nervous about this semester. Like, I'm taking so many classes and I'm just, cuz I need to. I have to take  units this semester and  units next semester. 

Question: What is a skill you want to learn in the future?
Adrina: Something I would like to learn, a skill I would like to learn would probably be sowing. Oh my gosh, I need to learn how to sew. Like it's bad people. What would you sell to the first? I feel like I ripped my pants so much and there's just so many times I've been like, dang, I need to sew this or hem these pants or and I just wish I knew how. Another is I feel like I really wanna learn how to cook a full Thanksgiving meal. That is something that I've always wanted to do. I feel I'm really good at the appetizers and sides. Like I can cook that Turkey. No idea. If someone told me to cook a Turkey right now, I don't know if I could do it. I don't think I could. I don't even know where I would start. Another is probably like engineering and math. That'd be cool. If I was really good at math and really good at computer engineering and I was just like a genius, that'd be awesome.

Question: Do you collect anything? 
Adrina: I collect sunglasses. I have like a million sunglasses for every occasion. Hm my favorite pair. They are probably the ones I got off White Fox recently. They're like these like, transparent silver glasses with, like, cool, like, glass frames and there's, like a star on the side and it's silver. And they're just, like, really cool. Like, I just feel like I look cool when I wear them. 

Question: What's your favorite board and or card game? 
Adrina: Monopoly, probably. I like monopoly because I just like how it's very real. It's like live and you have to like I have. I like life. 

Question: Are you more of a mountain person or in beach person? 
Adrina: Oh, definitely more of a beach person, but I love the mountains. I love a sunrise hike. I love a sun set hike. Like I love feeling moments. Like I just love being outside. And I think seeing the sunset is probably one of my favorite things like in the world to do.

Question: Do you have a favorite quote? 
Adrina: I think my favorite quote is what is meant for you will find you. And I think it's just very relevant to how I live my life. I don't let anyone basically, if they want to be in my life or in my life, and if they don't, and you have to know your worth, and you have to know that, like, if someone is not giving you the same energy that you're giving them, like, it's not worth it. And the people that do wanna give you your energy will find you, and basically whatever is meant for you will find you. Love that quote. 

Question: What is it all you're currently working on?
Adrina: A goal I'm currently working towards is definitely graduating college. Another goal I'm currently working towards is being able to go to the gym five days a week, because I feel like I have no time. And whenever I'm consistently going to the gym, I feel really good mentally, physically.

Question: What's your favorite type of desert? 
Adrina: Well, here at dessert is froyo. I love froyo. I am a die hard yogurt landstan. I love mochi and tart yogurt. 

Question: What's your favorite sport? 
Adrina: Probably volleyball. I love volleyball, especially women's volleyball.

Question: What's your favorite type of art for artistic style? 
Adrina: I love photography art. I think when someone can capture a photo so well and it's just like you could feel the emotion to the photo. And it was like a real thing. Like, I think that's beautiful. 

Question: What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? 
Adrina: Okay, I know I need to say this right, but it's expect nothing except everything. My friend Kim, he was like exception nothing except everything. And I feel like that's just like the best advice I've ever caught it. It's so real. Like expect nothing in terms of everything, but accept everything that comes.

Question: Do you like podcast? 
Adrina: Yes, I love podcasts. I love girls with goals. I'm a Chamberlain the Wizard. Liz is so far. She's just like she knows what she wants. She's an inspirational woman and she's just like, she runs her life and she's so successful. And I just look up to all those women that have basically just gotten their success on their own. And they've just done so much to get there. But they don't take it for granted. They're like, I'm, I'm here because I'm successful.

Question: Do you believe UFO's? 
Adrina: I do, because I feel like I believe in aliens, because there's just so much evidence the government and they accidentally leaked that file with, like visible that there was other life on like Mars or something. If you could, if I could meet alien, probably like.

Question: Whats your favorite thing about job? 
Adrina: My favorite thing about my job is definitely being able to hear people success stories. Like the kids, I come in and just, I interview them and they're just, they just kind of lay it all out in the line. And they're like, this is my life. This is the things I've been through. And this is why like I'm me. And I just think it's really empowering, honestly. Like I think that's the best part of the job. 

Question: What's the most beautiful natural size you've seen. 
Adrina: I don't know. I loved when I went to Denmark, there was this place called the 9 Canal. And it's like a rainbow, like sunset and there's boats and it's this river and on each side of the canal there's like restaurants and everyone's laughing and it's like the most beautiful place but like nature ask vibes. I love snow every time I've been to Mammoth or Big Bear I've seen like the those beautiful things. I'm like wow, I'm just one person in a big world. And like you fly above all these cities. And I mean, I flew to another country this year and saw so many different things, so many different people, got to experience so much. And I just remember like everyone in Copenhagen, Denmark was so nice to me. I love that vibe. Like they were so kind and they just like, they like just open arms. That's the vibe I got from that place something. 

Question: What's something you're grateful for today?
Adrina: I am grateful for the fact that I have an awesome job and I have awesome friends and I've been able to be educated. A lot of people can't do that. And I'm blessed to say that I I'm able to be educated, get my degree hopefully this year.

Question: Do you prefer calls or text? 
Adrina: I definitely like talking on the phone gal but I do prefer texting because it's easier but I definitely like phone calls better. Oh God it's more personal and I feel like sometimes in text you can't tell what someone saying. You're just like are they being sarcastic? Are they being real? Like I feel like I can understand what's going on with the convo more and then.

Question: What languages would you like to learn? 
Adrina: I'm learning Spanish now but I would love to be fluent in Spanish. I would also love to be fluent in French because I wanna go back to France and be able to be like, I know it is good French.

Question: What's your favorite way to relax after a hard day? 
Adrina: I love going to the gym and then like taking a nice clean shower, doing my skincare, reading a book and getting into clean sheets and just like vibing. I love candles, sweater, weather by bath and Body Works.


Question: What TV show are you currently? 
Adrina: Oh, the summer I turn pretty. Oh my God, it's so good. I'm so like Team Conrad, but now I'm Team Jeremiah, but I have to be Team Conrad. And like it's just a, it's a romance show and this girl basically, she goes to cousins, it's like this TV TV show and her mom and someone like these boy's mom are best friends in high school, right? And they have a house in cousins, this beach house. And every summer they go and this one summer belly basically hits puberty and she shows up and the boys are like, oh my God, belly, like you look so good. Like what happened to you over the year? And that's why it's called the semi turn pretty cuz that's when all the drama starts. So they'd always been friends and then they basically just, she fell in love with Conrad and then Conrad gave her a chance and then she fell in love with Jeremiah. And then she basically dated Conrad and now she's back with Jeremiah. So that's a whole. And these guys are brothers, so it's kind of scandalous. 

Question: Do you like to dance? 
Adrina: Even if it's just a little. Yep. Love dancing. Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo. I love a good dance moment also like at the club or the bar. I'm dancing. 

Question: What's the topic you can talk about for hours? 
Adrina: I feel like I can talk about being self sufficient and like giving advice for hours. I just feel like my friends always come to me for advice because I'm so secure in my identity, like myself. And a lot of my friends struggle with that. And I just tell them, you have to be okay with people not liking you. You have to be okay with the fact that people aren't always gonna like, Wanna be friends with you. Like you just have to know your worth and you have to know who you are. And I just love talking about like helping others, basically.

Question: Do you have a favorite store? 
Adrina: No, not really. 

Question: What's the best vacation you ever taken? 
Adrina: My vacation this summer, I went alone to Europe and I went to Denmark for three weeks. I went to Amsterdam for a weekend and I went to Paris. 

Question: Tell me about your morning routine?
Adrina: So when I wake up, I always make my bed at the first, like at the start of the day. I get up, make my bed, make sure everything's clean in my room, tidy up, go to the bathroom, brush my teeth do my skincare, brush my hair. And then I'll go to the kitchen and usually make some coffee. And then while that coffee is brewing, I'll like make some breakfast this and then I'll eat breakfast. And then I'll bring my coffee to my bathroom and usually start my makeup. So then I'll do, I'll go in with my moisturizer and then I get my tendon moisturizer. And then I just turn my makeup and then I do my hair. And then I go in my room and I pick out my outfit, cuz I'm usually so my pajamas. And then I grab my stuff and I go to work. And then usually I have class. I'm taking a lot of classes right now. The classes I'm taking right now are adversity, resilience and science of well being, which is CSP ONE FIFTY. I'm taking psychopathology, which is like abnormal psychology basically. I'm taking psych 4:52 which is introduction to counseling and therapy. I'm taking Spanish to A1 which is intermediate Spanish. And I'm taking women's studies one on one which is gender, self identity and society. So I'm really excited about those I really wanna learn something in CSP one 50. I heard it was a really good class and I also heard the professors really cool. It's a class about being resilient and it's like the science of how to be happy and s focus on your well being. And when I was in Europe, I took a class called Positive Psychology and I really liked it because it focused a lot on how humans can base their happiness on other things despite their successes and all that. You can find happiness in yourself and like your goals and just be very in touch with yourself. I remember a lot of my classes in Europe were very cool cuz they were literally outside and we would like get breaks, and we would be able to go get coffee. And that's so my vibe, like not being stuck inside all the time, I feel like going out and like being able to just get a coffee or relax or just chill is like, so my vibe. I think that's super cool. And the teacher was really into mental health. She thought it was really important. And I feel like that's not emphasize enough in the United States. Like I feel like everyone's just like told to be successful, get straight as, get high sat scores, like get into college and like in Europe so different like you're encouraged to go to college and they pay for your education and everyone's like encouraging and it's very like oh are you happy? Do you like what you're doing? Do you like what you're learning like they actually care about their students and I feel like we should bring more about to America like, that was my favorite part about Europe but like the way they taught kids and I really like that class. It was really cool and we would just talk about the things we've gone through and honestly felt like therapy, like the class like therapy, and I'm really excited for my CSP ONE FIFTY class I think that's gonna be cool.

Question: Tell me about one of your passion?
Adrina: So I am reading a book and it's called Finding Your Peace and it's kind of about my expo exploration of life and self discovery it and it's not just about putting together puzzle pieces like literally it's about knowing when? To let go of people that don't fit in your life and just like pieces sometimes things don't always fit and so I have passion for writing.I love writing and I feel like there's been times where like in college is really easy for individuals to honestly just steer from the wrong way I feel like there's been so many instances where I've really struggled with my identity because I feel like I'm supposed to be someone, that I'm not or I'm supposed to fit this stigma or the standard that I'm supposed to be this girl that I'm not in. It's honestly been really hard to keep, keep to myself and know my values and know what I'm worth. And it's really hard because I feel like nowadays, if you're not a certain person or if you don't fit a certain standard, it's really hard for you find the people in your life that fit. But I, I think if you really take the time to find the people in your life that fit and make sense to you, it's worth it in the end my friend group, like I wouldn't change for the world. Like, I love all of them so much. And I just feel like I don't have to hide who I am with them. I don't have to change who I am with them. Like, I can be silly, I can be goofy, I can be funny, I can just do whatever and they don't judge me. And I can be like fully, unconditionally myself and I'm never judged and I never feel afraid. And I think that's worth it. I think if you fight for that and you wait for it, like it's gonna be worth it. Cuz if you're surrounded by a bunch of individuals that don't love you for who you're and they don't see you for who you really are and they don't know you. Like it's not worth, it's not worth that fight. It's not worth that, like that journey.But I think when I was little, like growing up with my family, it was hard to really realize what was meant for me and what wasn't because you're so young, you don't know. But I think like working with this job and doing my interview and everything and like, everything that's come to me this year, it's all happened because I've taken the time to really figure out what was meant for me and what, just like my favorite quote, what is meant for you will find you. Like, that's seriously, like, what life is about. Like, I feel like it's just you have to realize that what is meant for you will find you. And that's true.

Question: What's your favorite way to spend a weekend?
Adrina: I feel like my favorite way to spend a weekend would be, like Friday, wake up, go, wanna run, come back, eat a really good breakfast with my friends, like my roommates and then chat a little bit and just honestly enjoy like the sun. Go tan by the pool and get a lot of vitamin d. And then once I'm tan and stuff, like by 5:00, we take a shower and we get ready for dinner and we have that nice golden tan on us, and we go out and have fun. And then Saturday we wake up and we just relax and we read a book and do some laundry, reset, do some homework, go out again, hang out with my friends, go to a nice dinner, do something fun, maybe watch a movie. And then Sunday wake up, relax. Now do anything. Just lay around, do laundry, meal prep. I that's my favorite way to spend a weekend, just something chill, but also with my friends and all that I definitely prefer coffee over tea. I drink so much coffee, it's actually not okay. I drink too much coffee. I'm a big cooker. I love going on Pinterest and TikTok and just kind of like.Finding cute recipes and just kind of trying to mimic them in the, kitchen, but also putting a spin on them for me and like what they and like taste good and stuff. 

Question: What's the best advice you've ever received?
Adrina: I don't know. I feel like my parents have always told me that. I know it sounds crazy, but my dad is always saying, like, nothing matters. And it's so true. He's, okay. Like, we're literally these small beings in this huge planet, and if you're not happy, it's not worth it. So we shouldn't think so hard about things. Cuz I always stress out about tests and, like, exams in assignments that I'm like, dad, but like, what if I don't get a good grade? And he's like, if you tried your best and you didn't get a good grade, it's okay. Like, life goes on. Like, things keep going. Like, it doesn't matter. And I think that just resonated with me a lot. I think that was really some good advice because sometimes I'm like overthinking a lot. And I'm like, what? Like, I can't keep overthinking. Like, this is ridiculous. But I'm also definitely a very planned person. Like, I have to plan everything ahead, definitely have like OCD and definitely need to know what's going on, like time that's happening. And I didn't do like a plan my week ahead. I literally have a planner for my social life, I have a planner for my work life, and I have a planner for my school life. And I open each one when I need to know what's going on like at the beginning of the year, I'll get my planner for school and I'll write down all my assignments and what I need to do for the month and all that, precise. And then work, I have a planner and I write down all my meetings, what I have plan and what I need to accomplish.And then for social life, I'm like, okay, this person's birthday, okay, this person's thing. And I just try to keep up with everything because I feel like having a social life is really important for my mental health. Cuz my friendships, like, it mean a lot to me and I value them. And with this new job, I feel like it can be really hard to steer away from all that. I feel like we need to, like realize that there's things in our life that are important. And just because we need to go to work and just because we have school doesn't mean we need to ignore all that. And I think there's a balance between being too motivated and cuz I feel like I'm a very motivated individual, but I also make really good at balancing. I will put all of my energy into things that matter. And things that matter in my life include everything like work, school and friends. Like I'm not just gonna go focus on one. And I think that comes with, like adulting, is like maturing and realizing that life isn't just your job and life just isn't just education. Life is love, life is friends, life is everything like that.

Question: What is the most interesting place you've ever been to? 
Adrina: Interesting place. I feel like I went to Amsterdam. And it was just very interesting, like experiencing the.

Question: What is an activity you wish you could do more? 
Adrina: I wish I went camping more. I just like remember being a child and like going camping one time and there was, we were like eating and then we all went to our tents and we left all our food out. And they were like, I wanna say like deer or like cows or like some animal just came and just eat all of our food. And we were all terrified. And I just remember being like I know I want, I need to do that more. You see this scare me I said the Sandy could be just scare me cuz all of the stingrays and sharks that have. Oh, I'm like no, it doesn't even work.That's like a it doesn't work. My dad was stingray shuffled his whole life and still gotten stung by stingrays. It works like 50% of the time. Don't pee on it. Everyone says to do that but don't hot water, don't know, I know no or the jellyfish thing like don't be on it. Like that's not gonna help.

Question: If you could travel anywhere right now, where would you go? 
Adrina: I would probably go to the Bahamas or Bora Bora, some more tropical for sure. I love the ocean and I love just laying out on the beach and like getting really tan and really blonde, and just drinking like water and fancy drinks and just having fun with my family or my friends and just not having a care in the world. I love that feeling when you're just like on vacation and there's just nothing that could bother you at that time.

Question: If you could switch careers, what would you do?
Adrina: I would love to work in the fashion industry. That would be a dream. I just don't know where to start with that. Like obviously my passions in like writing, so I think it'd be super cool to write in a magazine like Vogue, like, oh, my God, I would die if I can work with Vogue and work with models and see that whole process and like, work with clothing and fashion. Like that'd be amazing, amazing. That be so cool.

Question: If you could solve one world problem, what would it be? 
Adrina: There's a lot of problems the world. That's the thing I think I would solve. Child trafficking, I think that is horrific and I would love to take that out of the world.

Question: What is a lesson I learned the hard way?
Adrina: Don't trust anyone until you know you can trust them. I feel like I'm really easy person to like, I can trust someone really easily off the bat cuz I feel like I just see the good in people, and I'm just, oh, like I believe you. And I feel like I've just gotten screwed over so many times for trusting people and just not having a guard up. I feel like that's like a problem that I struggle with is like, I always like keep my guard down when I should have it up. And I just struggle with that, so a fear I've overcome is like caring what people think of me. I used to care so much and now I'm just like, what I'm gonna do me? I'm gonna be me and if people don't like me, if will not accept me, then they don't need to be my friend and they don't need to be in my life. And that's okay. And sometimes you have to let those people go.

Question: What's a habit you're trying to break?
Adrina: I'm trying to break is biting my nails. I've been biting my nails since freshman year of high school. Don't know why that started, but it kind of just did. So I don't know, it's like a nervous tick and I've just always done it, but a moment that made me feel truly alive I feel like every time I'm in an airplane, I just feel, wow, like I'd look, I always like get the window seat because I like to look out the window. And when you're flying so high up above and you can see the city and all the little houses are so small, and you think about all the people that live in your city that you probably don't even know, and it just makes you feel alive and really there.

Question: What are you doing after work?
Oh, I need to go to the tanning beds after work. I look like a pale right now. I need to look brown. Like you don't understand. I need to look like...this is pale for me. I've always been like tan. This is pale. Some can be pale.  I don't want to be pale.

Question: Why? 
Cuz my makeup doesn't match. I like looking like a bronze goddess. It goes both the wall and then if you can tell it doesn't match. You go in for eight minutes and you're like brown. Just my scalp is like white and then my skin is like brown. I need to tell him I do and then it like my eyebrows get dark cuz I haven't been in the sun and I just don't like eyebrows are dark because it looks weird and I'm just like oh need to be in the sun. I'm in this office all day. I'm like girl I need to get outside I feel going on walks for lunch cuz I can't like sit.

Question: What are you going to this weekend? 
Honestly, my best friend from home is coming down today. It's fine. You select good dinner. Her name is Katie. I don't know if we're gonna get dinner. I'm probably gonna go home, go to the tanning beds. And then we're gonna go out. I'm probably gonna get ready like full glam, you know, doesn't go to the bars. 

Question: What is your full glam routine? 
Oh, okay, okay, so I use panoxal, like Creamy Wash. I'm gonna use survey moisturizer. And then I go in with the elf Halo glow, like the Charlotte Tilbury dupe. And then after that, I'll put my elf like power Crip primer on, the one with 9 minutes side in it. And then after that I blend with a beauty blender and then I'll go in with my. Bronzing drops mixed with my tinted moisturizer, the junk Elephant. Oh, and then okay, I use my milk brought things and then my Rare Beauty Blush and my Rare Beauty Highlighter and my it Cosmetics Mascara. I am if I'm feeling crazy, I'll use my naked pink palette and do like shimmer in the eye. And then Ali, no, I'm not a big eyeliner girly. I feel like it makes me look a little crazy cuz I have big brown eyes. So when I use eyeliner, people say my eyes are like and, and just not the vibes are like always. 

Question: What did you do last weekend?
Okay I met this guy at one of our last weekend and he was like, where have you been on my life? And I was like, where have you been on my life? And then we were like, cool. And you got my Snapchat and then you ask me on the date. And so originally it was a coffee date and then it turned into ice cream date and then it turned into a bowling date. So we officially we figured out we were gonna go bowling and I was like, oh God. And then we, he took me to this cool place and it was called Tavern Ball and it was like half a bar, half a bowling alley and he was like super funny. Like his humor got me like he's so funny. He literally was like, oh what was I gonna say? Oh, he was oh, like I'm a horrible driver by the way. I wouldn't trust me to drive. And I was like, oh, it's okay. And he was okay, like and then he was pretend like he was just so funny. And then he went like bowking and he like the lady was like, oh, we're having an event today, like our lanes are close and he was like, he was like, please, ma'am, I just drove 30 minutes for this girl. Like I'm trying to get her to bull. Like, please, like, is there anything you can do? And then she's like, okay, give me a second. And then she goes to the back and she's like, okay, we have one lane. And he's, yes, like I cute. And he was like, I actually didn't care about it. And so he's like, I'm about to look real good in these bullying shoes. Like you better watch out. And I was like, oh God, like, and then we went bullying and we got drinks and he's like, okay, if I win, you have to kiss me. If you win, you have to kiss saying. I was like, what? And then we went to the speakeasy after and then went to Shore Club. And then we ended up running around on the beach together, like holding hands laughing. It was very wholesome. And the song beyond by Leon Bridges, he start playing that you and he was like singing it. I was like, okay, hang like such a lover girl. 

Question: If you could have an animal as a pet, mythical creatures included, what would it be? 
Adrina: Okay. If anyone seen a movie, Barbie in a mermaid tale, there's a seahorse in that movie that sings and he's really funny, and I would want him to be my pet. He would be lit.


Question: How do you handle conflict and disagreements?
Adrina: I honestly don't like conflict, so I try to avoid at all costs. But when someone comes with me with a conflict, I try to come up with a solution instead of going on attack. I feel like a lot of people, like, someone will be like, oh, I'm upset. And they're like, well, like, you do the same thing and they try to like one up the other person. And I feel like if someone's coming to you with their feelings, you should just listen to them and come up with a solution and try to just work on it and show them that you care about what they're saying instead of going on the attack. Cuz I feel like everyone does that and it does not get anyone anywhere. It's horrible.

Question: What is your love language? 
Adrina: My love language is probably like words of affirmation and gift giving. I'm a big gift giver and I love words of affirmation 

Question: What's the most thoughtful gift you've ever given or received?
Adrina: Oh, for my best friend's st birthday, I made her a memory book and I had like all of the pictures of our friendship in it, and like quotes and funny stories and all that. And then at the end, I got all of our friends and her family to write in it and they wrote their favorite memory, and they all wrote letters to her. And I like printed out pictures of her and her family and her friends and put it in there. And she loved it. She thought it was really cool. It was really happy. And I'm really good at giving gifts.I feel like a lot of people always look to me to do things, plan things and like be that person. I feel like three people have asked me to be there, made a monitor just because I'm so organized and I don't even know why.

Question: What's your favorite social activity? 
Adrina: My favorite type of social activity would definitely be like going to the beach of the pool or like something along those lines. I love like being in the sun and like tanning and just being with my friends and like swimming. I'm a big swimmer girl, like me and my friends will go to the beach and we'll just play mermaids and we'll let the water, like to is like the wave just like take us away and just will get slammed. And it's so fun her.
 
Question: Oh, the most interesting cultural experience you've had? 
Adrina: Okay, so I was in Denmark and there is like a metro and you're supposed to take this metro like everywhere, right? And I was by myself. I went to dinner alone and then I like, so I need to go back to my apartment. So I get off the tram and there's this guy and he has a speaker and he's rapping in Danish. And I was like, what? And then he had this, there was this girl with him and she was a little older than me, but she was hey, like Danish people usually speak English. And she was hey, like what's up? Like how were you? And like in America, people don't really do that. So I was just, oh, like, I'm good. Like how are you guys? And this guys like, oh, like I'm a Danish rapper. I'm pretty good. Like I'm top charts. And I was like, oh, that's awesome. Like and this guy just starts singing in the middle of the street and a bunch of people gather around and start singing with him, and they're dancing and like no care in the world like they don't care who's watching. They're just like doing it because it makes them happy. And it was just like seeing that difference in culture was so cool. And and they invited me to their little bunker thing where they were gonna make music and I went with them and like all of their friends and I was literally alone and I could I just felt like I could go with them and I got trusted them. And I did just had a blast and it was like super safe and they all made me feel really comfortable. And it's just like weird that in a culture like that, you can just go with strangers so like a random bunker and feel so like included and not scared. And I don't know, I just wish that there was more. Like that in America. Oh, also, there was a little kid that came off the tram and he was like, oh, are you from America? And I was like, I am. And he was like, oh, no, like America is scary. And I was like, why? And he was like, oh, just like the shootings, like the school shootings, like I've heard so much about. And I was like, oh, my God, it's really sad. And he was, and this gets probably like  or . And he was like, like in Copenhagen, like this year we've only had one shooting and one death. And I was, wow. And he's like, we have barely any murders, barely any crime. And they have a really good Social Security where they just like really trust each other. And like all the schools are really safe and they take pride in how they don't have school shootings and they have gun control. And I think that's really cool. And just the fact that this kid was literally  and he was so proud to be a part of the Danish culture, just because like it's so much safer than America. Like I always have a heart in love for America, but it's just kind of crazy how like another culture can be so different than us.And like I feel like there's a lot of things that we as in as a country care about. And there's just so many things that we don't care about. Like in Denmark there was like no homeless, everyone's taking care of. There's just like this community like safety. And like in America, there's just so many homeless, so many people without healthcare like so many people without insurance, so many people without jobs. It just really sad. And like I just feel like we should have more safety in our country in terms of that. 

Question: If you could live in a city for a year, where would it be?
Adrina: Oh, I would love to live in New York and like a cool penthouse apartment.

What's a project you are proud of?
Adrina: I started club in my college called choose to be kind. And we'll just go out, I'm in charge of all the supplies cuz I'm like the person who runs the club. But I'll go to flower shops and get a ton of flowers and get, I'll handwrite a bunch of different notes that say you're worth it or like keep going, like you're beautiful. And I'll just hand them out to strangers. And I'll just get a ton of people to hand out notes with me.

Question: Do you like Tyler the creator?
Adrina: Oh, I like Tyler. I'm not a huge fan, but I definitely like him.

Question: What did you do this summer? I went abroad, too, this summer.
I went to Europe. I went to Copenhagen, Denmark and Amsterdam in Paris it was fun. It was only like a month, though, but I had a lot of fun. I had so many layovers, but oh, it was easy. There was one day I had a connecting flight and it was in Paris and I was trying to get back to the airport in time and I had to sleep in the Paris airport like it, not chill. I was not. I slept on a cot like in a room. It was horrible. It was not good. But it's okay. We live and we learn. Honestly, like, traveling is amazing. Like, when I went to Europe this summer, I Learned so much about myself and, like, it's great, like.If you go on the Aztec abroad database, they have a ton of scholarships. And I applied to all of them and I got a ton of money. So you could do that. It I didn't like it a ton of money because I didn't applied all of them. I applied pretty late. But if you get ahead of it, I'm sure you could get money cuz my friend Katie went to Germany for free. Like she got everything paid for cuz she applied to a bunch of them.

Question: What is your dream life?
Adrina: So my dream life would definitely be like three kids, maybe two. I definitely want two boys, maybe a girl. And then I think I wanna stay in San Diego, live in La Jolla, cuz they'll just be even more like, I don't, I wanna be close to my family but not too close or they like smothering me. And like I wanna be a stay at home mom, like cook and clean and like have a dog live by the beach. I would love to go to a dog beach and just like play with my dog and like hang out. And I wanna pick up my kids from school. I don't wanna be that mom that's the soccer game with like the oranges and be like, go kids, go. Like I just wanna be like the supportive mom and the nice mom and like all the mom that, like all the kids wanna be around. They're like, oh, can I go to what's his face mom's house? Like, I just really wanna be that mom.

 
Question: Tell me about your time in high school?
Adrina: It was crazy. Like the schedule so rigorous. I don't know how anyone can get through that. Like, I was getting up at  in the morning, going to waterfall practice, ending waterpillow practice, and then class. I was going to class and I spent like chlorine and I had chlorine in my eyes and I was just like, crying from the chlorine. And I was trying to learn like AP euro and honors anatomy. Oh my god. In honor's anatomy, we had a dissect cat. A cat.We shave the cat's hair. Then we had to dissect the cat like the whole body and do like put the pins in for the body parts and stuff. And it was actually like the grossest thing ever. I was like, this is not, not chill also in high school, I was on the swim team. And I remember being in the swim meets. I would swim the  free and it's literally  laps back and forth. And there was, there's like a person that has to put the number of laps under the water in like a stick and have like the labs be counted. But it was actually insane like how much I swam in high school. Like I was double lettered. I varsity swim, varsity waterpolo freshman year, both teams all four years. I was a beast. And I swam the  in the . So like every swimming, swimming to actually kind of a vibe like all the kids in high school, they get around, they'd be like hanging out eating and then they'd be like, oh now. So I raise like everyone can watch me and then we would all run and we like watch them race. And then we'd all cheer them on and like next person would go and then it was like very fun. The  was brutal.  laps full speed. I had to do it. It was hard. And then I would do the, I think  minutes, I do believe. That's crazy though. No, like  minutes in like  seconds. I was fast. I was a little speed demon. But high school is brutal. I remember like when Covid hit, we had a graduation ceremony and it was like the drive up one. And it was just so depressing expressions. You bring your parents in a car and the principal standing on a stage in the parking lot and they're like, walk across the stage with a mask and you're in the car and your parents are going, yay. And you're like, I was like everything I've worked towards is the down the drain. Like this is horrid. Like graduating high schools like a momentntal. You have to remember and I just don't remember my graduation at all. Also didn't have a prom my senior year. I did. I don't even know why but it was kind of sad I went with my high school boyfriend and I wore this really, like fancy, like red sparkly dress and it was like poofy and it had like floral, like detail all the way up. And I just felt like a princess. And we would go to this place called Pines Park and everyone would meet there. And we would all take pictures by the water because you can see it's like a Park, but it's like grass. And then in the back it's like the ocean. And it was just really pretty. And everyone in their mom would be at Pines Park. It was a swarm. Like everyone at the high school was there. And there was no parking. Everyone was like, oh, my God. And then I remember we like what happened? I remember so it's actually kind of funny. So there was a girl in high school who absolutely despise me. And she was so, it was kind of creepy because everything that I did, she would do just the same and she always try to copy me. And there was this guy that I dated briefly, fresh when you're high school, but it was like a fresh when you're high school relationship. It wasn't like anything crazy. And she did everything in her power to be a part of this friend group that I was in, which was fine, but it was just like kind of weird. And then decided to become best friends with me and I like trusted her and everything. Told her all this stuff. And then I told her how I was like really sad about me and Everett breaking up, like my ex boyfriend. And then this is so traumatic, but my mom literally died the next week after my like ex boyfriend broke up with me freshman year. And she literally went to a party the next day and like made out with my ex boyfriend in front of everyone. And then I heard about it. This is like a week after my mom died. And I was like, bro, this is not happening. I was going through it. I was like, oh, my God, this isn't really happening right now, is it? Like, oh, and then she took so called ex boyfriend to the dance. And I remember I brought my current, like my other, my, I met a guy and we started hanging out and then we went to the dance together and we slid, we looked so good together. And everyone was like, oh, she's popping off. Like I look so good. And like I could just tell that she was agitated cuz she didn't win. And I was like, it's not a game. Like I'm going through it. Like leave me alone. You're so much better. I'm just not a violent person either. I'd like to say that. I've always just been really against confrontation. And, like, everyone's, oh, like, you can't let her do that. Like, you gotta do something. 
 

Question: WHat is something difficult you had to overcome?
Adrina: I remember, this is kind of a trauma dump, but I remember okay, the mon the day that my mom died like was kind of a crazy day. I kind of was like a robot. It was weird. So I woke up and it was like am I had water pull up practice cuz it was like Thanksgiving break and it was called like hell week because practices were like two hours twice a day and it was just like a lot. And I was team captain so I had to be there and it was really important to me.And so I guess the cops had come to our house to tell us that my mom got hit by drunk driver and like she was like, she had passed. And so like my whole family is downstairs and I'm like getting ready to go to practice. And I look down and I'm like, whoa, why are there so many people in my living room right now? Like this is crazy. And I remember I was like, what, what? Like what are you guys all doing down here? And my dad was like, honey, sit down. I'm like, wait, can I like toast my bagel first? And he was like, , like sit down. And I was like, okay. And so I sat down to my dad's like, honey, like spring happen last night, like something bad happened like your mom got hit and I'm, oh, like, is she okay? And he was like, no, like she died. And I was like, okay, didn't have a single response, was like, okay, I'm gonna go make my bagel. And everyone in my family was like, why is wrong with her? And I was like, nothing's wrong with me. I'm just, I don't, I hate my pickle. And then I get my keys and I'm okay, I'm going to practice. And my whole family's like, no, you were not. And I'm like, yes, I am. And they're like, no, you're not. I'm like, yes, I am. And me and my dad in this fight. And I'm like, dad, I'm going to practice. Like, I can't miss. Like, I'm gonna be okay. And you're like, I'm driving you. So my dad drives me. My dad starts crying, and I'm like, my God, my dad is crying. Like, my grown ass dad is crying. And I'm not like, what's wrong with me? So he's crying. He's like, I'm so sorry, sweetie. You've been through so much. Like, you don't deserve any of this. And I was like, it's okay. Like, it'll be okay. Like, so I get to the school. My dad walks under the pool deck, and he's like he's like, goes up to my coach, grown ass coach, and tells the coach what happened. My coach is like, oh my gosh, why is she here? And he's like, I don't know, she wants to be here. And he's like, okay. And I'm in the locker with all the girls and then, hey, guys, like, what's up? And everyone's, hey, like no one thinks anything's wrong. And so I get out and then like my dad and the coach are standing there. And my coach comes up to me and gives me a hug in front of everyone. And I'm like, oh, my gosh, like, stop. Like, and so I'm like getting in and like everyone's like, why did coach just hug you? Like, what's going on? I was like, oh, like something happened last night. They were like, oh, cool. Like, what happened? I was like my mom died. And they were all like, what? And I was like no, we're on the pool deck. We're like standing on the pool deck. And I'm like, my mom died. And they were like, okay. And I was like and I jump in and everyone's just like, what is she doing? And I'm like, swimming. And I'm like, nothing's bothering me. I'm like, okay, it's fine. Like, we're gonna get through this, like, whatever. And so we start playing waterpillow. I play the whole practice. I'm fine. My dad stays the whole practice. I'm like, dad, you're so weird for that. But he stayed the whole practice. And then I got out and like my coach is okay, like don't come to the second practice, like go be with your family. And I was like, okay. I I get to the whole day without crying. Well, then my friend surprised me with a beach bonfire like thing where they wanted to do something special for me and just kind of, like be with me on that day. So I went and I remember I went to go text my mom and I couldn't. And I was, oh, and then it hit me and I was, okay, like, she's gone. This sucks. Like, so I'm s I start bawling and all my friends are, oh, like, what do we do? Like, she's been fine this whole time. Like what do we do? And I was like, oh my God, someone call my dad and some, some, like someone called my dad and like my dad came pick me up and he's like, so now you care? I was like, okay. And he was just joking when I was like, dad? And then so that was a little story about that. And then like at the end of high school, my senior years, my mom died, junior high school, but senior year, I didn't really miss a practice and I would stay on top of things. And I was just kind of like a resilient human being. And like my friends surprise me with eh they surprise me with a award. So at the end of the year, we'll have a senior award ceremony or full waterpole award ceremony. And there's no war that is called like, most inspirational. And people vote on it. Like, the team votes, like, who gets most inspirational. And so I was like in the room and they all like presenting me with this award. And my coach is like, it was in a unanimous vote. And I was, oh, like, stop. And like everyone on my team voted for me. And it was just like this thing that was just like, so like, it was just like a super cool moment for me cuz I was, wow, like people can see that I'm trying and I, it's like everything that I've worked towards like finally matters. And I brought my team to state champions and score the winning goal. And it was like this whole thing and it was like, I don't know, I just feel like a lot of people like take their hardships and they're, they just use it as an excuse to let themselves go. And like I dont know I'm really proud of that. I feel like that's like one thing that I'm like, yes, go me but oh, my mom was like a whack woman. She was like, so my mom and dad met literally in a sober living home. Like they're both struggling with alcohol and I was like, okay. And so my dad has been sober ever since he found out I was gonna be boring. My dad does not have had alcohol since. And my mom didn't really buy that so she was definitely the more lovely Debbie, like warm hearted mom. And my dad was more like stern, strict. But I needed him because I feel like looking back, if he was too nice to me, I wouldn't have been where I am today. I wouldn't be as driven or worried about my grades or have that instinct to like do better. 

Question: What are some positive memories you have of your mm?
Adrina:  My mom is such a fashionista, like she would take me to justice and give me the full outfit with the ruffle skirt and the long shorts that match, like the hot pink to hot pink with a tank top with the cool glitter. And I was like, oh, my God. And she would take me and we were like best friends. Whenever she was sober, we would always do things together and maybe like, hey, and we would just have so much fun. And it's just hard cuz there are just so many moments where I was like, I wish she would just stay sober. And then she wouldn't. And it was just really hard to keep going when she was like, I don't know, like, it was just really hard in general. But I'm really glad I had my dad because, you know, here made life a little easier. Always supported me, but my mom, fun fact, she let me suck a binkie until I was in rd grade. Third grade, I don't know. That's like . So I had a binkie till I was like . And I would like sneak it in my backpack. It's in rd grade I was called lacking. Like I was literally in the back of the classroom like sucking on my binky. And my teachers like, what are you doing? Like what is that? And I remember just getting so scared. I was, oh, my gosh, like no way. And then the school calls my dad and they're like, it's not that serious. Why does yours could have a binky still? Like this is ridiculous. And he was like, why? I didn't know she had a pinky. And my mom was, it's her binky. And my mom was like unfazed. And it was just so funny like how she was just always so unfazed by everything. And then it turned into like a sucking thumb thing. I literally sucked my thumb until I was like fifth grade. It was bad. It was a bad habit. Like I was like, I had a callous like on my thumb. It was bad.


 



