Transcription of Shawn Mendes Carpool Karaoke Sketch in The Late
                   Late Show with James Corden

JAMES: Oh! Thank you so much for helping me get to work! This traffic is
terrible! I don’t know what I’d do without you!
SHAWN: Oh! Is the least I can do for letting my band and shows for a week so yes, I’m
ok on it.
JAMES: Do you mind if we listen to some music?
SHAWN: I would love too.
JAMES: Yes? So should we see what is on the radio.


(Music)
I wanna follow where she goes
I think about her and she knows it
Pulls me in enough to keep me guessing
Maybe I should stop and start confessing
Confessing, yeah
Oh, I've been shaking
I love it when you go crazy
You take all my inhibitions
Baby, there's nothing holding me back
You take me places that tear up my reputation
Manipulate my decisions                         (SHAWN: This is it! Here we go!)
Baby, there's nothing holding me back
There's nothing holding me back
Baby There's nothing holding me back


JAMES: You’ve moved now right? Is it true that you just moved out from live
with your parents?
SHAWN: Yeah! I live in Toronto now and I have my own place finally, what at first is
sucks because cooking for yourself and cleaning your house is just sucks, until it is
actually kind of nice. There is something kinda nice in that.



Glossary:
Parents = pais
Sucks = algo ruim, “um saco”
JAMES: You don’t clean your own house
SHAWN: I do… a little bit but
JAMES: I don’t believe you
SHAWN: No, I don’t. You’re right! My mom is always helping so…
JAMES: NO way! I don’t really believe it! Your mom still comes around?
SHAWN: She does and she thinks that she won’t let me not have that happen, that is a
thing.
JAMES: Does she still do your laundry?
SHAWN: She does.
JAMES: You know, Justin Bieber just wears a new pear of underpants every day.
SHAWN: Wait! So, he disposes in the garbage…
JAMES: I think that they sell them online.
SHAWN: Genius! It’s about to buy more
JAMES: Yeah…
SHAWN: This is like a perfect…
JAMES: He sells them online
SHAWN: It’ll never end.
JAMES: Complete 360. Everybody is happy.
SHAWN: I’d buy them. Won’t you?
JAMES: Would you buy Justin Bieber’s underpants? How much would you pay
for Justin Bieber’s underpants?
SHAWN: Apparently cap it like $500, but still is a lot of money…
JAMES: That is a lot of money, but I want to know specifically when he wore
them
SHAWN: I wanna know what he did.
JAMES: What did he do in those? Cuz I don’t want it to be a pair of underpants
that he just wore on Tuesday, I want it to be like the pair of underpants he
recorded “Love Yourself” in.
SHAWN: Or the pair of underpants he played Hockey in.
JAMES: Yes! Or went to the gym…
SHAWN: Otherwise, I think that the point here to me is he could have thrown them out
and never worn them.
JAMES: How much would you pay for a pair of my underpants?



Glossary:
“Comes around” = estar por perto             “Do the laundry” = lavar as roupas
Underpants = cuecas                          Garbage = lixo
SHAWN: I wouldn’t pay! I’ll pay nothing to have a pair of your underpants. I would pay
for them to be as far away from me as possible


(Music)
I could feel the tension
We could cut it with a knife
I know it's more than just a friendship
I can hear you thinking 'bout it, yeah
Do I gotta convince you?
That you shouldn't fall asleep?
It'll only be a couple hours
And I'm about to leave
Do you got plans tonight?
I'm a couple hundred miles from Japan, and I
I was thinking I could fly to your hotel tonight baby
'Cause I-I-I can't get you off my mind
Can't get you off my mind
I can't seem to get you off my mind
Let's get lost tonight
Let's get lost tonight
Baby, you and
I can't seem to get you off my mind (2X)


JAMES: Thank you so much for helping me get to work. You’re just the greatest.
You’re the loveliest guy on planet Earth! Thank you so much!
SHAWN: Thank you man!
