Margartia Role-Model: meeting 1,2,3,4
2023-09-14 10:32:20 CST
53min 52s
Keywords
whole life same time life goals other person favorite season long time time favorite food good people social life big part favorite type good experience other thing significant life experiences big company big decisions
Transcript
question 00:02
Okay, what is your full name? And is there a story behind your name and how you, like higher parents named you or anything?

Margarita 00:10
So, my name is Margarita. It is my full name. Actually, the full name is Margaritas Miaska, like the first name and the last name. The first name, my mom wanted to name me Lisa at first, but Margarita means pearl from Greek, I think. And so they decided that as I was the first child, they decided to name me in a unique way. And, but in the family, I am shortened to Rita and Disney Eska as a last name. It means like the door daughter of snake. A lot of people will say that it's adorable.

question 01:03
Cool. I love that.

Margarita 01:06
Probably.

question 01:07
Where are you born and raised?

Margarita 01:12
I've been born on the, in the east of Ukraine. It is a small city named Luhansk. There I have been raised. I went there to kindergarten. My whole family live there. Actually, my grandparents, my parents, they also grew up there. They studied there. And so my childhood my childhood was, there was a lot of like happening during my childhood. I lived in the suburbs, so there was a lot of stuff to do, like to go for, I, for a ride on the bikes and like to have fun with friends on a bonfire or something like that.

question 02:11
Okay, awesome. Thanks for sharing. Do you have any siblings and are you close to them?

Margarita 02:21
I have 2 younger sisters and I could say that we're close because my, the middle sister is only 2 years younger than me and the little sister is five years younger than me. So as a he, the oldest child, I always felt like I was responsible for them. I was responsible for their well being and I always try to like stands by their side, like whatever happens. But of course, as we were children, we had quarrels and, that sister with whom I have only 2 years difference, like she said that you're not that older than me so it doesn't mean that I should listen to you. Like you're not that much older, you're not that much of and authority to me. So I'm gonna do the way I want to. But right now we're we're super friendly and I think she's one of the girls whom in my whole life, whom I really trust.

question 03:37
Oh, I have a little sister, too, but she's 7. Today is her birthday, too.

Margarita 03:45
Oh, really?

question 03:53
What's your favorite childhood memory?

Margarita 03:58
Well, I guess that would be every day I went, when I went to school, to the elementary school cool. It was near my grandparent's house. And after school, I always came to my grandparents and my grandma would give me a meal with from 3 to five dishes in it, and fruits for the desserts. And then my grandfather would take me and sometimes my sisters also were there. He would take us back home like two hour suburbs and we would walk. He would buy us ice cream and we would stop on some playground and just sit there like for 20 to 30 minutes. And just like he would play with us. Then we came and did our homework with him. So those were like really peaceful and I think that was like times of comfort for me.

question 05:14
Awesome. Do you have a job right now or you just in school or.

Margarita 05:25
Right now, my focus is on my university, but my mom works as an entrepreneur. So my major is also linguistics and especially interpretation. So she gets me into all kinds of projects. And I couldn't, I can't say that I'm officially on the stuff in her company, but I'm, it is a part time job. You can say that it is a part time job and I'm working for example, I don't know, 50 cents per words, like something like that. So I can say that I'm working, but it really depends on my schedule and I really can't adjust it. So there is no pressure in time or the amount of work I should do.

question 06:35
What are some of your life goals and aspirations?

Margarita 06:41
Right now, the biggest goal that I have is to graduate and get into a master's degree, the program in Korean university. That is like No. 1 goal for me right now, because I'm really fond of, I'm really fond of shipping and like all these cargo processes. And that is the field where I want to work, like maritime transportation. I, and I really like the market share that deals with this stuff in Korea. Like it is very advanced and they work properly. So I really would like to work in that area and I would really like to stay in Korea. So right now, that is an ultimate goal.

question 07:54
Cool. Getting your masters is gonna be really cool to have, I think. Have you traveled out of Ukraine recently or have you had a favorite destination you've been to?

Margarita 08:17
I haven't been abroad much. Actually. That's funny because only when the worst started, I got an opportunity like to, to travel a lot. I got opportunities to travel a lot. And since 2022, I've been to Berlin and I've been to Cyprus this summer. But I think I liked it in Berlin more.

question 08:56
Awesome. I always wanted to go to Berlin. Seems really fun. Just a cool place to visit, I think. What are your favorite hobbies would you like to do for fun?

Margarita 09:14
Okay, so my No. 1 hobby, I think it is rather beneficial also for my career is singing. And I mean, it is beneficial in a way that it develops my voice, the strength of my voice and I can just. Speak for hours. Like for interpreters, it is a big struggle when they get a sore throat. So Waco is like singing Waco is really a big part of my life. Right now, I'm actually getting ready for a concerts that I've been invite to. And right now I'm preparing a song so far.

question 10:06
Oh, cool.

Margarita 10:07
Cool.

question 10:07
I love that. Are you into any arts and crafts or painting or writing?

Margarita 10:20
About arts and crafts. My grandmother, like my father's mother, she als, she always love this kind of stuff.

question 10:26
Hum.

Margarita 10:30
And she tries to get me into like suing and like doing some things with my hands, like from from things that I have at home, like from for example, toilet paper, like the flowers from those things. But I never actually was very much into it. And as a kid, I tried drawing, but I never was really good or passionate about it.

question 11:03
Hum.

Margarita 11:03
So in the end, I gave up on that like I wasn't really interested so there was no point. But about writing, I'm actually an editor of my university newspaper and so you can say that I like writing, but I never I never actually starts on something like big some articles or something like that until I have a really good idea. I've heard an opinion that you're not a right a writer unless you write every single day. So I can't say that I'm a writer, but I am totally into that. And that is an interesting path to pursue.

question 12:03
Okay, cool. Do you have any significant personal achievements you're proud of?

Margarita 12:16
Now, I think they're more like career and skill related. For example, about singing, I've been struggling a lot with being afraid of the stage fear. And I'm really proud of myself that I overcame that because that really pressured me a lot.

question 12:38
Hum.

Margarita 12:47
And as an interpreter, I should not have that because if I want to be successful in what I do, I should be able to speak to the audience and be able to express my opinions and thoughts clearly and without out stuttering and getting redis tomato so, recently I've been to a camp and I've been asked to translate for an American team and I've been asked to do a simultaneous translation for a really long time and it was a big challenge and that is one thing that I'm really proud of myself, that I overcame that I, went through that because at the end of this session, the session was two and a half hours and that is very stressful and tiring for mind of a an interpreter who does the simultaneous translation because it's not normal it's they usually work in Paris and it is 15 minutes for each top and I was doing that for two. And a half hours. So that was it was really tiring but I'm proud of myself that I translated all through that session. So it is more like skill related.

question 14:24
I'm glad you kind of got over that how would you describe your personality in a few words?

Margarita 14:43
I think I'm rather cheerful and an open person and also I'm very honest. I always speak up my mind and I'm always honest with my opinion. But at the same time I'm a very empathetic person and I don't want to hurt others with the opinion that I have. So I'm always careful with my words and I try to approach each person in a particular way.

question 15:24
Awesome. Are you an introvert or an extrovert? And how does that affect you? Do you know what that means? Okay.

Margarita 15:37
I always thought of myself as an extrovert but recently I've been I've understood that introverted in a big company where I'm not comfortable and like I'm not sure if I'm an extrovert anymore. So it's more like ambivert.

question 16:04
Hum.

Margarita 16:04
It's like a little bit of both. So I can be extra chatty and I can be cheerful in a new company and can, I can be talkative, but I can shy away from starting the conversation and like being the first to take the initiative unless I'm comfortable in the group.

question 16:29
Cool. What's your approach on handling conflict or difficult situations? How do you approach that?

Margarita 16:45
Around. Honestly, usually I like the first stage for everyone. I think it is like the sadness or the, not depression, but the feeling that everything is like loss and you can understand anything. But I think it is important to just sit down, outline at all. Like that's what I do. I sit down, I write down the things that I'm worried about and I try to get through that list and understand what is there I can do, to fix if each of the aspects on this list then I try to analyze it rationally. And about the conflicts, I think the best way is to talk the conflict out, like to speak with the person. Like the more communication you have, the easier it is going to be for you to clear all misunderstandings.

question 18:02
Definitely.

question 18:08
What's your favorite season and why?

Margarita 18:14
I would say it is spring because firstly, I have my birthday in spring. And secondly, I like the weather because it isn't hot, it isn't cold. And like it is the only season that gives you that everything is coming to life. Like in summer, everything, everyone like to try to hide in their homes from the heat. In autumn, a lot of mammals go to sleep. And in winter, everything, I, everything sleeps and is waiting for spring. So spring is the season when everything wakes up and there is flowers, there is birds and you're feeling like something new is coming and there is a lot of possibilities. And it is also the season. Reason when I feel most inspired.

question 19:17
Awesome. I love spring. Such a beautiful season. What qualities do you value in a friend?

Margarita 19:33
I think it is honesty. Like I'm an open person and I am bad in reading like science and hints that person is giving me. So it is easier for me when the person just talks to me about everything he's worried about so that we could build trustworthy relationship. It's like either way for, it's for friends and also for those with whom I want to build other kinds of relationship. Firstly, it's honesty and loyalty. And secondly, I think it is important so that we would have common views. Not like in politics or in the, I don't know, environmental issues. I mean, like generally so that we would, understand each other's motivation in life, understand what is. What moves us and so that we would be able to support each other. And I also really appreciate when people reach out first to me because I'm a person who is afraid to be intrusive.

question 21:03
Hum.

Margarita 21:09
And I don't like to be annoying. Like I always get a feeling that I can annoy person for being too persistent. So I really appreciate it when a person also like shows the initiative and approaches and reaches out to me first.

question 21:30
Cool.

Margarita 21:33
Beautiful. Oh, how would Friday?

question 21:36
How would you define success and happiness in your life?

Margarita 21:51
I don't know about success. I guess it is achieved by working hard. I mean, like all the things that I got until this day in my life, like the fact that I'm studying in the university where I wanted to study, the fact that I'm already working. Somewhere I am getting experience. Work experience is the fact that I've been working hard. I've been citing for that. I haven't been neglecting the things that I should do. I got so far in my life. So I think dedication and hard work is what makes the difference when it comes to success.

Margarita 22:36
About happiness I'm not sure. Actually a lot of a lot of thing, a lot of happiness comes from smaller things in your life, like when you don't expect them and they happen. But generally, I think if I want to relax and feel happy, then I'll probably go to my friends and spends time with them.

question 23:15
Are there any significant life experiences that have shaped you?

Margarita 23:25
There are, when I was in 8th grade, I suddenly got bullied. Like I've been to the, I've been in this class for two years already since we moved to Adesa from mahansk. I've been to this class for already two years. But suddenly I had sudden misunderstandings with my classmates and there was, they were bullying me. So I went up to my math teacher and at the period I was, it was for like a month or so. I know that it's not such a long period of time. Like a lot of people went through worse. But. For me, it was terrifying because until some point in life, I was really scared of being alone. Like I was scared of having no friends. I was scared of being left alone in like social life so that I would have to meet new people by myself. I would have to interact with people by myself without feeling that somebody has my back. And when my friends turned back on me, so I understood that I have to do something about it by myself. And I didn't go to my parents until I found the solution. I went to my math teacher and I asked her if I can transfer to her class. Like she was the, a class teacher of a mathematical class. And I knew that kids there were really friendly and she was first and foremost teaching them how to be good people, not like to be, how to be good mathematicians. She was like a second mom to them. So I went up to her and asked if there is a possibility to transfer to another class. And she explained me how can I do that. And only then I went up to my mom and said that I want to do it. The only thing that you need to do is to go to my headmaster and like, pending a note that you want me to transfer to another class. At that moment I understood that if I don't, if I do not solve my problems, nobody will solve them for me. So if I want something done, I should do it myself.

question 26:13
That's awesome. That's really cool that you kind of figure that out. I mean, bullying is awful. I hate it. I don't see a reason to be mean to anyone. But I'm glad that you got yourself out of that situation. Definitely shows a lot of independence. It's really cool that you just kind of like, okay, mom, I already fixed it. You just have to do this.

Margarita 26:38
Thank you.

question 26:41
What's something you've always wanted to learn or try?

Margarita 26:53
Okay. I guess there is this thing that doesn't doesn't let me sleep at night. It is I always wanted a motorcycle like my dad is a nice biker and he when I was growing up at our backyard, we had like an old rusty bike. It wasn't already like alive. It wasn't suitable for writing but I still like to look at it. And as I was growing up, I just like grew up with this saying that I want to motorcycle. So this is something I always like wanted to try, wanted to like experience how it is to ride a motorcycle. But on the. More like sane type of things that I would like to try is horse riding. Like I've been doing that for some time, but I would like to experience that for professionally. I would like to get into the sports and into some competitions because I never had an opportunity to do that.

question 28:26
That's cool. Are you, what's your all time favorite food?

Margarita 28:46
I think most kinds of most kinds of Asian cuisine, sushi, a lot of people love sushi. And I guess right now it is more, I have more inclination in Korean cuisine like Kim Pop Singa. Pubs and I also, as to the desserts, I also like matching. There is, that is an ultimate thing that I would eat on any day and any time of a day.

question 29:31
Got you.

question 29:44
Can you describe your closest friend and what you admire about them?

Margarita 29:50
Oh, it is hard to pick one. Okay. My closest friend is probably my best friend that I had for, since 10th grade. We met in that mathematician class. And she is, she's like the total opposite of me. Maybe that is the thing that brought us together because we complete each other. She is very calm and she is never.

question 30:22
Hum.

Margarita 30:32
She doesn't, she doesn't look at my situation from the point of view, oh, I know you. I know that, what you're going to do in that situation. She always listens to me, what I have say, even though she already knows me good enough to tell that I'm going to be like, for example, upset about something. She always listens to what I have to say and she always tries to look at the situation from mind point of view. So she's also a very empathetic person, which I, what I really admire about her because there is not a lot of people nowadays who are willing to. Look at your problems from your point of view, but not from the angle base seat, Mass.

question 31:32
I agree. That's kind of how my best friend is what qualities would you value in a romantic partner?

Margarita 31:48
Well, first things first. When it comes to a romantic partner, I should mention that I am a Christian believer, like and ultimate one that I grow every week to the church. And that is a really huge part of my life, like my belief. So I think the first thing that I'm looking in a partner is so that he would have the same worldview and just general exception of God and of religion as I do, so that there wouldn't be any quarrels or misunderstandings between us on that side of our life.

Margarita 32:44
The other thing that I'm very concerned about due to the fact that nowaday our society is changing drastically, is the fact that I want him to be loyal and also honest. There, it is not, there is not many qualities that are different from what I want from my friends. Because he's still, he, firstly, he's going to be my friend and only then he is going to be my, like husband. So I think it is a lot like what I'm looking in my friends. He should be probably the opposite of me because I'm a very fiery person and I'm very emotional. And I can get over emotional, over sensitive. So I think he should be with the cool head so that he would be able to. Even our tempers.

question 33:57
Oh, if there's one thing you could change about the world, what would it be?

Margarita 34:19
I think that it would be the fact that people think that some nationalities are better than others, because that is what I see nowadays a lot, which is like super strange because like everyone hating everyone. That is, that is super strange. So I think that would be the only thing I would change so that people would not try to divide you in, try to judge you by the, by your complexion and by the way you look.

question 35:14
What's something you've Learned about yourself recently?

Margarita 35:24
That I can get carried away and I should be more careful with the feelings of the people that, whom I take for granted. For example, my family or my friends, closes friends. So that I would be more, less focused on things that I want to do and more focused on what their opinion about the, that is like if we're spending time together, I think I, I, I get excited over things and I forget about the fact that there is also somebody with me who may be not as comfortable with it as I am so that I wouldn't get carried away with something like that.

question 36:24
Awesome. Are there any fears or challenges you've actively working to overcome?

Margarita 36:38
Right now. I think it is still about me being scared of this stage. Like I'm not scared to sing. I'm not scared to like perform on this stage, but I'm still scared to speak up my mind, just say my thoughts because I feel like people will not find them latable or even find them ridiculous. And that is something that is, that is not acceptable for an interpreter. Like I can't starter and I don't have time to think about my problems while I'm on the stage. I should like go out there and translate what the other person is saying. So I should be speaking more confident.

question 37:39
For sure. What's the most valuable life lesson you've Learned?

Margarita 37:52
Everything comes and it's done. You can't rush things. Like if anything is not meant to happen in your life at this point of your life, then you can't simply rush it. It will be a disaster for you, even though you want it. If, and you don't, may not realize that at this point in your life, it will be it will be for your bad, not for your not for your success or your happiness. So even the things that you want, they may harm you.

question 38:40
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?

Margarita 38:45
I hopefully think that I will be in Korea working for or some low key big shipping firm and I will be already with my sisters there because I want to give them a better education that I had in here in Ukraine. And I would love. Them to study in Korea. So I would like to provide them with that opportunity.

question 39:22
Awesome.

question 39:39
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?

Margarita 39:51
I was thought about that. But, and I've been turn up between being invisible and being able to reach other people's minds. Yes. Being invisible means that you don't have to take a part in the events and you just can be like. How do you call them? You just, you can just look at people and see what they're doing and like just spent your time. Admiring what they're doing. It's going to be like a real life series of something. And reading other people's minds it actually gives you a deeper understanding of what people desires are, of what they constantly think about. But on the other hand, I understand that it's not a good superpower to have because maybe then I would even lose hope in humanity or they really grossed out with most of the people. So I'm not sure if that's a reasonable power to have.

question 41:36
What's your ideal weekend getaway vacation?

Margarita 41:47
I think if we're talking only for two days, that would be a real change of the surrounding. So for example, I live near the sea and I forget the way would be like some cabin in the mountains. Or if it is summer here, I would totally go to some snowy resort where it could ski and play snowballs because it reloads your mental system. And you just understand that where you living is, there are cons and pros, but you should be thankful for the time you having there and you should appreciate what you have instead of wanting something else, something like that.

question 42:41
Cool. What's a moment in your life that made you feel truly alive?

Margarita 42:57
I think it's going to get a little bit sad because when we were leaving, Lohan's Lohannes was already an occupied territory. And we've been living in a really a stable time there. And when we were getting out of the city, we've been through a few blog posts like where there are soldiers and they're like checking up your car, checking up your documents. Like nothing major but still scary because they had weapons, they had things there like writing. And there was a point when it was already pretty dark outside and, our call wasn't in the best condition because of the long trip. Like we lost the muffitter on the way there and it was really loud.

question 43:53
Hum.

Margarita 43:55
So, and my dad was riding and with lights on, they were really bright. So the soldiers on the blog post, they thought that it was some kind of threat coming up to them. So they're started firing into the sky from the weapons, like nothing, nothing too dramatic, but that was really scary. And when we got up to the blog post, they got our parents out of the cars and they were like, put your hands on the hood of the car and they started searching them. And as a kid, that was incredibly scary to witness. And the only thing that I thought at that moment is that I should take care of my sisters. And that if we get safely to Adessa, like I'll do anything for my friends, like whatever they ask and I won't waste my time and I won't disappoint them.

question 45:11
I'm sorry they hear. That is pretty scary. There's just a whole different culture and different countries and it's crazy how that works. And I'm glad you're saved. I'm glad everything is okay. Have you ever experience a profound act of kindness? Someone did something super sweet for you and we're, wow, like this is amazing.

Margarita 45:51
For me, the whole existence in Christian community is like the whole, a real act of kindness because I honestly can say for myself that I've never been badly deceived by people, or I've never been used by people. And I like talking to my friends, talking to people who might know that is something that not many can say about themselves. So I think I'm very lucky that I am in this type of community because here, people really treat each other like family. For example, my mom, she works in a also religious organization and people from there, like they came to my grandparents funeral and they were there supporting us all through these times. Even though they were like colleagues, mom didn't know them before they started working. And it's not like they spend every weekend together, like to go out to get drinks. They're just people that genuinely care about you and about like what you're doing and just, just because you are you, just because you're in that community, just because they know you, just because they can help, they want to help. And people from our Christian community, they never cease to amaze me. And every time they do some act of kindness, it always astonishes me, like how people can be so supportive and kind to each other when I see the opposite in the lives of my friends.

question 47:48
Okay, I'm trying to think of what to ask you cuz a lot of questions, but some of them are just so like, what's your favorite type of dessert? I don't know, like, morning.

question 48:23
If you could change one decision from your past, what would it be?

Margarita 48:38
Recently we've been to a vacation and as I said, I get a little bit carried away and I didn't spend enough time with my family on that vacation. Like, I had fun with my peers and it was awesome. It was a good experience. Like it was an international meeting. Like, I met a lot of people from different countries, from different, with different backgrounds. But the thing that I regret about is not spending enough time with my mom and my sisters, like just family bond. Pending time, I understood that on the last day of the vacation and I was like, that was not good.

question 49:15
Hum.

Margarita 49:21
Like I regret about it. But about big decisions in my life, I don't think that there is something I really regret about because I try to approach all the decisions, all the turns of my life that I had as just an experience, like bad or good. I don't regret about it because it wouldn't, if it wasn't for that experience, I would not be the person I am today.

question 49:55
Perfect. Good answer. Okay. If you could win the lottery, like a bunch of money, what would you do with it?

Margarita 50:10
Okay. I think that depends on the amount of money that we get.

question 50:17
Most like multiple million dollars. Like you're rich, like you don't have to work anymore.

Margarita 50:23
Oh, well, of course. Thing, first things first, I would get myself into that dream university, kirkary and dream university of mine. And then I would probably like give my sisters the education that they need. And I would do a lot of things for my parents and probably would get, I don't know, a business in Korea. But I'm not, I'm not sure that would be a good decision because I have no idea how to run the business.

Margarita 51:02
I think I would also talk to my pastor because like the community I'm in, I'm passionate about their ideas and I'm passionate about what they're doing. And I don't know, maybe I would ask them if there is a way where I can donate money and help them with organizing some kind of project.

Margarita 51:31
Another thing that I'm very passionate about is youth, especially Ukranian youth whom are pretty much scared right now. So they need like place to rest mentally and physically. And I like this idea. I've been to a camp which is called Narnia Camps. And it is like in the book, the kids we whom like the Pevency siblings, they went to Narnia when there was the Second World War and there was the, it was their place of comfort.

question 51:54
Hum.

Margarita 52:10
So these camps, they have like the same. The same idea so that they kids come there to just rest from the war, and it is out of the wars on. So, I think I would probably support that initiative, because, it is something that is close to my heart and it is something that our youth need. Yes.

question 52:44
Awesome. Okay, that's the last question for today. If you wanna schedule your second meeting whenever you're free, it's just gonna be the same link. If you have trouble with the link, I can send it to again email and then I'm just gonna be asking different questions, but it's the same concept.

Margarita 53:08
No.

question 53:08
And then the third session I'm gonna be asking you say I'm I like you're my mentor, mentor and I'm gonna pretend to be like a person asking you for advice. So I'm gonna be like, here's an example of question probably like, what do I do if I witness bullying at school? And then you would tell me, well, if you see it like go to a teacher like that kind of thing.

Margarita 53:48
I get it.

question 53:48
Like, so.
How is your day?

Margarita 00:07
I would say it was a lazy Friday because I had 2 lessons canceled that I had today. And I have t my parents around the house. Just lie down the couch reading books and then went to the gym.

question 00:32
Fun.

question 00:40
Let's starts with, what's the last book you read and what did you think of it?

Margarita 00:54
The last book was I'm trying to, oh, American Gods by Bill Gayman, if I'm not mistaken, the author of that book. It was about it had a lot in it, actually. It was about philosophy of personal, personal worldview, your personal, like religious thoughts, your interpretation of the world in which you live and how this world works with your inner world, with your inner self and how much the person can change just by changing their name and just by starting from the scratch, how a person can become super different. So that's what it was about.

question 02:12
Cool. If you could be a character in any book or movie, who would you choose?

Margarita 02:25
And, character of any book recently I'm reading like the Harry Potter series. So probably one of the students from Harry Potter series like Hermione or something like, oh no, I wouldn't like to be Hermine. She had a lot on her late and she has to help to set the world in the end. So I don't know, I would say probably just one of the students from the whole words. Just to experience how that is, to experience that world. It is really interesting to live in a like this hidden world where you there is this big secret that you're carrying, that you're a magician and that you have superpowers of some kind and you're different from other people around you. That would be interesting.

question 03:45
What's a moment in your life that made you feel truly alive?

Margarita 03:59
I think it's every time I experience really strong emotions, like either when I'm super sad or super happy, but, well, the happiest moments, I think, and those don't have to be like any kind of super good news or something like that. It's not about what news you're getting, but the level and the degree of the emotions that you're experiencing. For example, the last time when I felt like that was alive and that I'm happy to living my best life was when I. Just got a great on a subject that what I was really worried about. Like I set it super hard for it and I worked a lot. And so at the end, all of my hard work paid off and I understood that at that moment, it really felt like, wow my future self.

question 05:14
If you had the chance to meet your future self, what would you ask them?

Margarita 05:27
I'm not sure where my future self would be at this point of life, but I think I would ask her, what is it you would like to change about me, your past self, in order to maybe to get some needed qualifications or I don't know, maybe I should work hard on some certain part of my life and maybe I should not be really stressed about other things in my life. What is it you would like to change in order to achieve everything you haven't achieved yet but could have?

question 06:19
See, can you recall a time when you faced your biggest fear?

Margarita 06:38
Well, also, I think the biggest fear depends on the perspective, on the time of the, of your life when you're experiencing it. Well, for example, like in childhood, I was really scared of darkness, like terrified. I could not sleep in a dark room. So we'll wouldn't let my parents to turn the lights off. I was terrified to the point where was like crying hysterically and panicking. But as I grew older, I think they like priorities, they shifted and I think the last time I was super scared of something was when I thought that I would not be able to, show my skills as an interpreter and I wouldn't be able to perform as well as I thought I would. I remember that I felt like sick to the stomach and it wasn't nice. But on the other hand, it is really beneficial for your also future self and for your growth, for your experience to overcome those fears and to go through them in order to become stronger.

question 08:19
Have you ever experienced a really big act of kindness?

Margarita 08:35
Well, I think most of people that surround me, like I try to surround me myself with people that take care of me and that are like kind to me. And I don't know, big act of kindness, like some people may say that it is some kind of like maybe money donation or like some really out of hand, big deep that like save somebody's life or something like that. I have an experience that's towards me. And I wouldn't say that I have done that to anybody else, but my friends, they do surprise me from time to time.

Margarita 09:26
And. I'm really used to being independent, like as I'm an older child and I'm use that I'm responsible one. So it really usually amazes me when people are like, I'll help you through that. Like I'll take your problems as if they're mine and I'll help you all through that. Maybe I'll even guide you through that. We'll get through this together from time to time. It really messes. Me how people are so sympathetic and how they actually ready to share your troubles and solve them for you, or at least help you solve them even though you don't ask for that. Like there genuinely just ready to to help you with your life at whatever stage you are in it.

question 10:30
Awesome. What's your take on the current state of the world? And you can answer this in a standpoint from Ukraine.

Margarita 10:46
Standing point of the world. I don't want to be speaking about it too harshly or even unethically, because like point of view of one person who especially experience were in my motherland, it could be really blurred and like mudded with negative emotions. But in my opinion people nowadays they do too much talking and not so much doing like. Sure example in America, they are also tolerant and also like they accept you. It doesn't matter who you are, they accept you. And at least that's where they're saying. But people are trying to, make fuss about less important things and forget about things that are. Let's say more heated. They forget about things like war because it doesn't, in fashion nowadays, it isn't such a popular topic because there is war in Afghanistan. There is a military conflict between Israel and Pakistan. So were, it isn't something new. It isn't something out of hand for the 21st century. So people are kind of used to, they're kind of used to the fact that there's a war going on somewhere in the world at whatever time. So it's nothing new. And they're trying to focus on things like, for example, social problems like feminism, racism, which are also really important things, which are also should be talked about without doubt. And, but at the end of the day, it is very forced. It comes to the point where it is very forced. And in the end of the day, it comes to the point where people are not talking so much about like the atrocities of the war, the atrocities of what humans are doing. But for example, in movies, in in, like in Hollywood industry, generally, there's supposed to be a certain quarter of like people of dark complexion, for example, or people of like algebytem I'll give, I would, I think it is called the same way from, from that kind of society. But there is really not many films about war, about conflicts, about how it is still happening, like in the 21st century when people are so, except, are so ready to accept everything, are so ready to accept, to embrace those differences that divide them. There is still words going on and that people are used to it as if it's normal, control.

question 15:14
Let's see. How do you approach making and maintaining friendships?

Margarita 15:27
As for making friendships, I don't know. I'm not sure. Like most of my friends right now are the friends that I've made accidentally, only by, some of them are, I've met through an app, like a dating app. But for example, we weren't interested in each other as lovers, but we became really great friends. Others I've met you, my Jimmy, high school years. Others I've known for like nine or eight years. So there isn't really any certain method that I use for meeting people. I just like whenever I find a nice person and I feel that I click with them, I he try to maintain those relationship. In order to maintain them.

Margarita 16:35
I know that, well, communication is required, of course. And nowadays, thanks to the internet, we can communicate with people all over the world. So I have a few international friends who are also very dear to me. And we chat a lot. We communicate about our problems. I think their recipe for a good friendship is a lot of communication. And even more communication when you are having troubles in your friendship. Like you shouldn't shut people out. You should embrace whatever is going on between you and go through it with each other to understand where each of you is standing, and where you seen your friendship heading.

question 17:39
Where do you see yourself in 20 years?

Margarita 17:50
20 years that's two decades. I don't know. I will be, I will be 40 at that time. I think that my career path to, will be already established at that moment. Like I will be steady with like, all the issues like finance and on so forth, like independence from my family and something like that. I hope that I will have a family of my own and I hope that I'll already have two children, a husband's, my own house and that but I will be living my best life with people that are close to me, maybe traveling somewhere to visit my international friends, like meeting with people, communicating, like making process in my career path, something like it.

question 19:14
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?

Margarita 19:24
I think I already had the question.

question 19:26
Oh, really?

Margarita 19:28
You ask me that.

question 19:38
If you could change one aspect of society, what would you you, what would it be? What would you change?

Margarita 19:49
One aspect of society, I think I think that it would be. Maybe educational system, because it has still, even though people are try, have been trying to improve it for decades and even centuries, but let's say decades since the girls were allowed into schools, people have been trying to find the ultimate way to educate kids, to provide them with equal possibilities. And right now, the educational system, it is hidden to the point where it, where they try to find a personal approach for each kit and in order to also provide those equal possibilities.

Margarita 20:51
So I think I would make that educational process easier for each kid. It requires a lot of work, like a lot of attention from. The from the older generations, like from parents, from teachers. And also I would monitor strictly who is hard for teacher's role because I don't know how it is in, like you say or other countries, but here you sometimes can encounter people who are not suitable even in the slightest to be the teacher. I'm not even talking about the fact that they're not competence enough to communicate with the kids, like they can teach you anything and it becomes the problem.

question 22:00
What's been on your heart and mind recently in your life? It's been on your mind.

Margarita 22:13
To be honest, I'm kind going through a period, maybe it's like autumn melancholy or something like that, but I'm going through a period where, rather self critical and I'm doubting the decisions in my life. Like for example, my career path or the hobbies that I have, the people that I have around. But I think that it's normal. And. Like at my age, I'm almost twen, I'm almost 21. And I understand that once I'll graduate from the university, like I have so many opportunities that I won't be able to choose one for myself. And I'm also scared of the fact that maybe I've chosen a wrong path since starting studying for my Ma major. So, I think at this point, I'm just like trying to take it slow and reflect on everything that I've been through, that I've experienced so far, the people that I've met and who is important, who is not, and where am I hitting at the end and what is going to be my final decision on what to do with my life after the university?

question 24:02
If you had a whole day where you could do anything you wanted, what would you do?

Margarita 24:09
Oh, I think I would visit my friends that are abroad because I don't get a lot of opportunities for that. So I really miss my friends at USA. She is in Atlanta and I really would like to just spend a day with her. I think that would be awesome. That would be kind of air recharge for me because she's really motivating and inspiring person for me. And I think I would just spend a day with her.

question 24:55
Definitely. What do you need more of in your life? What do you think you're lacking? Like, what do you need more of?

Margarita 25:11
Nam, I think it will be a really cliche answer, but I think most of people are lacking of it. And if people were sufficient of it, there would be less conflicts and worse in our century. And I think it's love, like the understanding, the feeling of warmth and safety and the ability to feel that you're loved and that you're enough, and that there are people who are ready to help you with anything and that. You're important.

question 26:18
If one wish of yours could come true, what would it be?

Margarita 26:26
I think right now, all Ukrainians have the same wish for the word to ends and for us to get back to our normal lives without any restrictions that we have right now. As for myself. If I'm being selfish, I would say that it's the opportunity to actually experience how it is to study in Korean university, because I'm not sure I'm going to get in. And it's normal to doubt. I'm still working hard, but it's normal to doubts. And if I had a wish, I would spend it on it after the wish about the work. Thank you for had 2 wishes.

question 27:33
And then, feel like I've asked you most of these questions already.

Margarita 27:34
And.

question 27:52
How would you like people to experience you? Like, what kind of person do you wanna be in this world?

Margarita 28:07
I think most of the traits that would be like a perfect person I want to be. I think most of those traits, like I'm working on them. Of course, I would like to kind of be able to like, stay on people's mind, like to just be memorable for people to listen to my words and to remember them and to reflect on them.

question 28:42
Hum.

Margarita 28:51
Other than that, I would like them to see me as a person who is reliable and caring, because that is. That is what is the most important thing in relationship with other people, as I think to care about each other because like you have an impact on each other. And you can make that impact really positive.

Margarita 29:24
You can help people. You can listen to them. You can help them through some problems, through some hardships. And I would like people to know that if they need anything, then they can always ask me, even if we haven't spoken in months or something like that. If they text me, it won't be. I won't be annoyed. I won't be. Excel， stressed and。 They won't get on my nerves, but they would rather get the help they need.

question 30:09
Well, I honestly think I've asked you every single question, so I'm gonna have to make more questions to ask you. But next meeting, I'll have some different questions for you, like more fun questions.

Margarita 30:26
Okay, it's almost at twelve PM the RPM.

question 30:28
But it's pretty late there, right?

question 30:41
Like at night.

Margarita 30:44
It's am.
Okay, what's your favorite quality about yourself and then your least favorite quality?

Margarita 00:20
My favorite quality is that I'm determined about things, that I'm able to take the decision. I'm able to risk, to take risk and to be responsible for the outcome on my decision. But my least favorite quality is probably the fact that it's hard for me to get to work. It's hard for me to physically get myself up and put myself to work. So I don't know how you call it, probably a. I wouldn't say that I'm lazy because once I set my mind on something or once I'm interested in something, I'm very determined about it and I'm hardworking and I will get things done until the deadline. But if the work isn't really interesting to me. So I can say that I'm easily bored and that I can be not hardworking when I'm not interested in the topic.

question 01:36
Okay. And then, what words would you use to describe yourself?

Margarita 01:51
How many words?

question 01:54
3.

Margarita 01:55
Really okay I would say I'm. Creative outgoing and probably.

Margarita 02:18
I'm probably hard working.

question 02:23
What, can you elaborate on the three adjectives, like why you're creative, why you're hardworking and why you're outgoing?

Margarita 02:38
Sure I am creative because I like everything connected to like expressing yourself through. Some arts maybe I for myself I prefer writing exercises I would like to just sit pick a topic and just write I don't know a, a page or a few about the events or about something that I'm passionate about out the moment. I am also really into creative writing like some to I like to describe some mysteries mystifications maybe even or I enjoy reading fantasy books. So I'm interested in all that kind of stuff.

Margarita 03:45
Then about outgoing, it isn't hard for me to make friends. I'm really I'm a friendly person and. I usually treat people as my friends unless they prove me wrong, unless they prove otherwise. So I think I am an outgoing.

Margarita 04:13
About hard working, as I already said, that once I set my mind on something I won't stop until I get to my goal. I mean, like old people, I have the point of like, putting my hands down and like saying that that's it. I can't do it anymore. That's too hard. But eventually, if I know that there, that is something that I want in my life and that is something that is. Necessary, then I'll continue trying to get it. I'll continue to strive towards it. So that's why I'm hardworking.

question 05:21
Sorry.

Margarita 05:23
This one.

question 05:23
Do you often give people second chances?

Margarita 05:32
That honestly depends because recently I've been feeling that like I've been giving people too many second chances at the word 3rd and 4th chances. So I understand for myself that it really depends on what has the person DT like. I would never forgive a betrayal. I had a few occasions where I had to analyze for myself if I'm able to forgive something of that kind. So I probably would not tolerate a person in my life who betrayed me. But if we're talking about second chances to people in love life, there is an expression that there can be a wrong person in a wrong time. So maybe you're not just.

question 06:34
And.

Margarita 06:38
We're not just mature enough for a certain level of relationship at a point. But at some point, you might get mentally and physically adult. And at that point, you might like tried it for a second time and it might work out. But it only works when you and that person, when the breakup wasn't like based on somebody being unfaithful or somebody being abusive. As for friends I think that having friendship with people, like generally having relationship with people, not like the romantic ones, but generally having relationship with people once again, unless it's betrayal or unless it's some kind of abusive. Kind of relationship, I don't see why not. If you want to communicate with that person, if that person, like he is. He's pleasant and maybe you just like drift the part. So why not try it again? But it really depends on the situation.

question 08:13
Awesome. How do you define beauty in another person?

Margarita 08:21
Oh, I think it's, eh, that's a good, that's a really good question, especially I think for girls, because boys, they look at the beauty like more physical one, willless. Girls mostly are about the inner person, like the person can be handsome and just like gorgeous, gorgeous outside, but on the inside, he might be. Not such a good person. So I think that beauty is actually in the actions of people, in their attitude and the way they behave towards others, the way they put themselves and how honest and open they're to other people. It can be their charisma, also their charm, like just in their behavior. A person does not need to be like a supermodel, beautiful or, I mean, appearance wise, to be a beautiful person. So I think it is really everything about who you are and how you treat others.

question 09:59
Sorry, I'm writing something down.

question 10:07
What do you think make someone a good person?

Margarita 10:18
Well, when we think of other people, if they're good or if they're bad, we're generally like, usually, judge their behavior and their actions like the way they response to the circumstances they were put in. So a good person is somebody who is kind to others, is somebody who is, who has morals and who is not afraid to send out for those morals in a non abusive way. It is a person who has a way with their words once again in a non abusive way and not afraid to stand up for what is right in his opinion. Because like it really is hard to tell what is good and what is non good really depends on the circumstances and the situation that one can find themself in. So a good person is somebody who is acting out of place of. Sympathy and kindness to others.

question 11:51
Where do you go for fresh inspiration?

Margarita 11:59
Oh, well, due to the fact that I live on the seaside, like Adesa is on the seaside, I can always go to the seaside and like just look at the sea. I, when it's warmer outside, I like to go for a walk and just gets on some quiet beach and do my homework or whatever tasks I have or simply read a book. So that is a place where like you find peace, you find inspiration. But sometimes it is all about changing there. Changing the environment that you're putting. So I also really love mountains. So if I need rest or if I need like a spiritual, sorry and mental restoration, then I'll probably go to mountains for a weekend or something like that.

question 13:17
What are you most grateful for?

Margarita 13:28
To be honest, I guess for everything like I'm a person I've I have acquainted and have met people with who has been really through a lot of hardships, especially like I have examples, among my friends and I'm really grateful for the fact that there really hasn't been anything like, oh, earth shattering in my life because at the age of twenty, this or other way, most of the young people they have been through some through something really. Choose something that influence them in a great way.

Margarita 14:29
So I think I'm grateful that I'm safe, even though I'm in a country where there is war. I'm safe with my family and all my friends are safe. They're, some of them are abroad, but we're s, we still communicate and we still support each other. And I have found friends even in this circumstances, I have found friends here.

Margarita 15:02
And I'm able to study. I'm able to do what I'm passionate about. I'm able to speak freely in my mind. And attempts like this, you really think about it and analyze and understand that. That is something that not all people have a privilege to have.

question 15:34
Then, how do you express your love for people?

Margarita 15:58
There is such thing as love languages. I'm not sure how many is there so mine is. Quality time so when I spent time with people when I like talk to them and I even if they're if I have some kind of problems myself and if they have some kind of problems of their own we still find time for each other and we still. Do you hear me right? Okay, we spent time with each other we still finds time to communicate and to to support each other another thing is I really like to feed people. I don't know why maybe it's connected to.

how can I improve my study habits?

Margarita 00:19
Okay, so in order to improve your study habits, you should get into scheduling. So first things first, probably download the app or maybe try a notebook. Cool. Like to just write, do it in your handwriting, whatever you comfortable with and just like find 15 minutes in your day to outline approximately what you're going to do, like what stuff you need to get done the next day and what do you need to accomplish the next day here and put approximately the hours when and you're going to do it in order to understand what you'll be able to squeeze into your shadow.

Question   01:16
how do I manage my time effectively?

Margarita 01:23
Once again, it goes with scheduling. So understanding what is what should be prioritize and understanding what to put first and how much time you need for that task and how efficient you're going to be doing that is the key point to managing your time.

Question   01:53
What should I do if I'm struggling with a particular subject?

Margarita 02:01
I guess that depends. Maybe you should like sit down and understand for yourself if that subject is something that out of your range of abilities, maybe you can't influence that. So probably you should seek an advice from somebody who is more experienced in the field that you're struggling with or you like where we live in a century of advance technology. So the first thing we consult is goal mostly. But I say that you should probably go to a person whom you trust who can help you and guide you through that?

Question   02:52
How do I deal with bullying or peer pressure?

Margarita 02:53
Up? Oh, that is a interesting question. I face that when I was younger, unfortunately. And I guess it's all about how, what you feel comfortable with. Because for me, I did not feel comfortable like talking to my parents and talking to someone of the elders. I went straightforward to my teachers and asked whether maybe I can change classes or what can I, like, how can I get out of this situation? And probably if you don't want to talk to your parents about this, which is, which is you better do, you better talk to your parents because they might have experience that too and they might help you with that without like escalating the situation and making it worse like by scrolling your classmates or the people that are just like bullying you. But either way, the older people, they should be notified about s that you're going through this situation and they should be aware of what you're facing in order to give you the best advice how to get through that. And maybe they'll help you to find the decision on how to, avoid that or maybe make amends with those people or how to escape that society without harming you and people around you.

Question   04:54
How can I improve my test taking skills?

Margarita 05:05
All through high school and all through university years, I've Learned that. You need to gain the understanding of the subject on which you're talking about. Like you won't be able to learn all the things in the world. Like you won't be able to keep that amount of information in your head. So it is fine if you don't know the notions and the definitions by heart. It's okay to explain them in your own words. Your main goal for the test, for whatever it is, to gain the understanding of the subject.

Question   05:49
What's the best way to prepare for college applications?

Margarita 06:00
We don't have it like that popular here in Ukraine. Like it's not common for us to write motivation letters or CVS here or covering letters for the universities. But if you're doing that, I guess you need to take your time to reread it a few times, to go through it and to understand for yourself, like outline the basic steps of what you want to like, what impression you want to give to the people who's go, who are going to read it. And then you have to find certain situations that show you in some kind of flattering light in which you want to show yourself. And do not be afraid to show it to other people, like your friends, your parents, for them to check it, to read it and to tell you if they really see you in this letter.

Question   07:15
How can I choose the right extracurricular activities?

Margarita 07:23
That is something that comes with the method of trying and failing because we all have, I think most of us have stories where our parents thought that we might like dancing or football when we actually liked drawing or ballet or sing. So it is honestly whatever. Whatever makes you passionate, whatever you like doing, even though, even though people might say you're not good at it.

Margarita 08:06
Because from my childhood, I've been told that I'm not deaf, like that I can hear music correctly, that I can, I can't sing along, that I can't sing to the notes. And, but right now, I've been singing already for nine years and I take part in all kinds of concerts and, like projects where I show my skill. So it is really whatever you want to do you can. You can try things and but you really should remember that hard work is what bits the lazy talent like you should not expect that everything comes to you at once but be patient with the process and trust it.

Question   09:01
How do I balance school, work and a Social Life?

Margarita 09:10
It is a place where you should prioritize and you should understand what is going to stay with you for the rest of your life. You should understand what is the most important for you at this point of your live like for example if your friend needs help but you have test the next week then you should schedule, you should like to put it the way where you going to give the time to your friend and then also give time to your staff. Bodies so you shouldn't engage into too much like social life or also you should not sacrifice all your free time to your study like balance is the key point to having a healthy relationship with yourself with your friends and with like people that surround you like wherever you are also your teachers because if you can't communicate if you've never like talked to people properly you won't be able to develop any connections. So it is something that should be put in equals.

Question   10:50
How can I cope with exam anxiety?

Margarita 10:56
I don't know Kevin dumped myself yet. What helps me is like I don't get anxiety if I know what is going to be there on the exam. You should probably ask you a teacher beforehand like what are going to be the questions at least approximately. So the more you know about the way the exam will be held, the way the exam will be, the way you'll be behaving yourself at Exa exam. So the more you. Be familiar with the atmosphere that there is going to be at the exam, the comma you will be at the exam. So the most stressful exams are the ones where teachers just tell you like you're going to come and I'll ask you something from what we've studied. You're like, what am I supposed to study even then? But make sure just to talk to your teacher and to talk to your classmates or group mates that that might also add you some confidence because you're, you feel that you're not alone in this a kind of situation and other people are going through the same experience as you are.

Question   12:24
What should I do if I'm falling behind in a class?

Margarita 12:33
Usually at this point, I, well, I, you should of course get through this material and maybe just like put some extra time into your studying for this subject because you need this information later. Do not neglect it and do not put it for later because later there will be more and more information and you will need that information. You have to learn it. And just trust me, whatever you're going to study, at some point, the basic information that you Learned on a certain subject, it will come and you have to like take extra time to learn it. So it is better to once again, schedule some time, put some effort into some, maybe overtime studying.

Question   13:42
How do I make friends and fit in at a New School?

Margarita 13:51
It honestly depends on the age of. Oh, and you're transferring to another school because it is always harder with kids. I, I've been through that. I've been in and you in a new school when I was in sixth grade and then I was to a new class when I was in 10th, in 9th grade. And it really is stressful because you don't know these people. You take your time to observe them, but at the same time, you think that, oh, maybe I'm losing my opportunity to make the first good impression while I'm observing others and like, nobody talks to you and it's, it's hard sometimes.

Margarita 14:45
But one thing I want to encourage you to do is to engage into the activities that you're confident with. For example, I was always confident about my English skills. So I engaged a lot and participated a lot in some concerts, projects. I also went to sing on the stage and I helped my teachers. So like, I showed my classmates that there's something I'm passionate about. And there were people that clicked with me and we became really good friends until this day. So I say just put yourself out there.

Question   15:32
What are some effective note taking strategies?

Margarita 15:41
When you're writing really fast first things first did not, do not write everything like in a stock of information because it's going to be really confusing afterwards. Like you won't be able to find the key points, you won't be able to distinguish what you have written. Like make some highlights, even if it's with the pen of the same color, like just to, you can make underscores or just circle the things that are important and later on you will be able to highlight them with your markers. Other thing is to, if you need to put there an illustration or something like that, just leave their place and you'll do that later. Like he don't be lazy. You would do that later and your notes will look much better that way. Then if you like just scribble it really fast.

Margarita 16:54
Another thing is. To make your own way of shortening words because that is that really helps because you understand what you have written and the same way you you just save your time. You save your time and that helps you to, get through the material much faster.

Question   17:33
How can I stay motivated to complete assignments?

Margarita 17:42
Well, first things first, you should find something interesting for yourself in data assignments, whatever that is. For example, I really like doing presentations and providing some visual examples of what I'm talking about. Like I enjoy when there is really beautiful visual effects and that makes me feel really. Well, first things first, it attracts attention of the people like it attracts the attention of your listeners towards the point where you want it to be and so I really enjoy that part doing the presentation but in order to do a beautiful presentation, you need to first find the information and outline the structure of your speech in order to then outline which slide is going to be for which part of your assignments, for which presentation, for which part part of your speech and that is something that should be done in order to have a beautiful presentation. So, honestly, if you find it interesting, if there is any part of the assignment that is interesting to you, then you will be able to get to the bottom with. I promise you. Because sometimes I spent from three to six hours on my presentations just because I really like it and I really get into the process and I really enjoy like the thing that I'm doing.

Question   19:33
How do I handle conflicts with teachers or classmates?

Margarita 19:42
Well, it's a bit easier with classmates because you always can like first things first, manual language. So there wouldn't be any conflict at all. Secondly, with classmates, it is a bit easier because you always can get in. An official situation, like have a proper chat and just like communicate with them, with your peers and just talk out the situation. Like approach them without, with intention to sort out things. And most of the people, they will respond. But if there are really some issues that you cannot get through on your own, you should probably talk to your supervisor and just let them know that there is this kind of situation and that you need help. The same goes to your teachers. It is best to try to talk it through by yourself, like to approach the teacher with a respective attitude. And it should not, it should never be forgotten that is your teacher. That is somebody who is in a higher position than you and in a different position than you. He's giving you the knowledge and like frankly speaking, you need that person. So you should probably, you should really be respectful and like approach with and no with gratitude, first things first and with the desire to make amends. Secondly, if the teacher does not want to do that or like there is some kind of like an issue, you should also talk to your supervisor and so that they would help you with this situation because like probably it's their colleague and they know them for much longer time and they may at least give you advice.

Question   22:06
What's the best way to choose a College Major?

Margarita 22:16
That is also a hard question because a lot of high schoolers, and I do understand them, a lot of high schoolers, they don't know what they want in life. Like whatever it is, like 11th grade or 12th grade, like one year difference, and people still don't know what they want to do. Like there is sometimes when people are in their 30s and they don't know what they want from life. So it is something that you should not rush. It is something that you should take time to think of. I the part of the speech from the movie toilet when like the friend of bells 1, she gives a speech at the end of their like high school, their, her graduation and she tells them that it's time to make mistakes, like to fall in love, to experience something, then like to major in medicine, then to change your mind and so go for like, I don't know, linguistics or something like that.

Margarita 23:28
So, it is easier for people who know at least what they're interested in and you can start from there. You can start from understanding what you want to do for the rest of your life, like what is going to click with you, what is going to bring you joy? Because being miserable at your work is no way of leading your life and no way of building your career. So I was honestly lucky because I knew from my childhood what I wanted. Like I, it just came that way. But I have two sisters who don't have that. Like they had to make that decision. And I see that it is hard for them. They still doubt sometimes. So it is okay if that's, if the path you've chosen it, you like it clicks with you. But there are sometimes struggles. There are sometimes, you sometimes feel like you're failing or you sometimes feel like you're not good enough. It is a point where each and every of us have been and even the most successful people. So just choose something that burns you up, that clicks with you and just go along the way.

Question   25:01
How can I improve my writing skills?

Margarita 25:06
Nah, probably by reading. I wouldn't know. I write terribly if we're talking about lexical aspect, about enriching your vocabulary and something like that, you should probably reading is the best way. Reading is the ultimate way to do that. Like you get so many interesting words from reading. But about writing skills like all the dots, comments and stuff like that, like grammatical aspect, it's boring. I get this boring like you have to learn the rules. May probably the best way is to write dictations like something like that. We did that a lot at high school, ultra middle school, but I always hated it honestly. So probably I don't know if you are striving towards the goal of learning how to like for example, you're into creative writing and you want to write grammatically correct and and you want your writing like to be at a certain level you probably should really put an effort to that but if that is not something that you're professionally required. I don't know I wouldn't do that.

Question   26:54
What are some tips for staying organized?

Margarita 27:06
Honestly until right now on on the my on my 4th year of. University and, I envy myself when I was on my first year because I was much more organize and motivated then and I guess the key point of staying organized is like keeping the side on your goal because it is what gets you organized in the first place like you try to arrange things in order to get to that goal because you understand that if there is a mess around you, you won't be able to find things that you need. You won't be go to distinguish what is prioritize, what is not. So I think the key point, the key aspect here is being motivated and keeping your eyes on the goal.

Question   28:18
How do I deal with a breakup or relationship problems?

Margarita 29:17
I guess it is speaking it when you're really careful, you're looking at it from the point of view of a friend who is giving an advice, who sees this situation clearly. When you're not engaged into feelings like that's probably that's probably super easy. But when you're engaged into those feelings and you're absolutely up sad about the, the, this person left you or you left this person like whe, whatever the situation is, you had to or you've been forced to or whatever and you're sad about it, like the thing you should outline for yourself is first thing it was if that person was good for you and if he was good to you and if you should be, if you're sad about him leaving you or her or about them leaving you or are you sad about the fact that you've had all those and you understand that you won't be able to to relieve that with that person. So I think that's that's pretty much it what I can say about the topic.

Question   30:44
How can I improve my public speaking skills?

Margarita 30:54
That is something I'm asking myself I've been asking myself recently because. If you're getting into marketing or if you're getting into any kind of like business where you'll have to communicate with people like the generally like the area where you have to like the customer services and stuff like that you will have to at some point starts to communicate with people and speak with the audience, which is probably really hard because I myself as an interpreter, I have to not speak my personal thoughts, but still I interpret and like that information goes through me and at the end I'm the one who is speaking. So.

Margarita 32:05
You should probably read more in order to be confident in the in your vocabulary ver the vocabulary, sorry. You should be conf in order to be confident about your vocabulary you need to read more like to be to be sure that at whatever situation you will be able to find the right words to speak properly and in the manner and in the format that you want to speak in and whatever the situation requires.

Margarita 32:53
Another thing is that you should understand that if you're sending at that position where you have to speak publicly, that means that you got there at some point and that people who put you there think that you're capable for that. And that's at some point you have impress them and they think that your thoughts and your skills, they're valuable and the audience, they should hear you. So you have already been estimated by other people and that is not the first estimate. Like your first estimate will not be given to you by your audience. Like you have already been estimated and that is why you've been put to this position.

Margarita 33:50
Another thing that you should remember is that whatever you doing, whatever you saying, there are always going to be people who are in who do not agree with you, who think that you failed the, who think that you did bad, that you haven't been, you could have used that word instead of that word. Like that's, that's super common in one interpreter is like it is super stressful to interpret, know that another interpreter is sitting somewhere there in the audience and you're stressing about it because you know that there other people that are experienced in that field and they're going to judge you. So there is as many opinions as there are people like every person will tell you that something was bad here, but another person will tell you, oh, you did so well in here, like this word was so accurate. And another person will say you shouldn't have used that word. So it really is everything like really depends on you. And well, of course you should. You should study your audience you should understand what's the goal of your speaking and what you want them to understand from your speech from what you're saying and of course you need to like use all those tips from YouTube when you want to get the attention of the audience with jokes or with the rhetorical questions like there is that is also very interesting to utilizing your speech.

Question   35:45
What should I do if I'm feeling overwhelmed by schoolwork?

Margarita 36:42
And no probably well at the university it is easier because you get to talk to your teachers and you can hand in your assignment like later maybe at school you can also do that because many teachers at least here in schools, many teachers they understand that no kids going like the kids growing up kids going through some personal stuff, they have extra queue curriculars and like that. It's okay if they hand in the homework later. But I guess the thing about like in order to not to get overwhelmed by it, you should not let it pile up. Do everything on time like don't wait on handing in your assignments and don't let it pile up in order it's to Tokyo up then.

Question   37:51
How do I choose the right classes for the next semester?

Margarita 38:03
Well you should probably talk to well, firstly you get familiar with those classes with the programs that you have on your university or schools website or whatever it is then you talk talk may you can talk to your supervisor if you want to if you want the inside lives of a certain subject like you did not quite get perfectly what are they suggesting and what is going to be on the list of the things you're going to learn then you probably should talk to people people from the year that is that has graduated those who are two years older than you in order to talk to them and understand what's what was good on that subject and if it is really taught in a proper way and if the information is really valuable or should you not like waste time on it and it sounds much more interesting that it actually is.

Margarita 39:24
Another thing like first and foremost actually you should understand for yourself in what direction you want to hid for example, when I was choosing I decided to major in. Everything that goes with maritime translation maritime business rather than like economics and learn law terminology. You should just understand what clicks with you and what actual skills you want to have and what is really necessary for you.

Question   40:20
How can I set and achieve academic goals?

Margarita 40:31
Well on the big perspective that we call academic goals and the end is a part of our career growth like the way we're going to towards the person we're going to be towards the, towards the skills towards the knowledge we're going to have at the end. So probably you should once again prioritize for yourself what is more important to you and what things that motivate you right now and focus on them and keep in mind that there are certain things that you want to learn how to do and in order to became become good in a certain field you need this and this skill. So you should prioritize this and this and puts maybe a bit more effort into subjects that you don't need although you should not completely abandon them or forget about them because like it what it is what makes you an educated person it is what gives you the overview of the world and the general understanding of how things work.

Question   42:08
What should I do if I'm being cyber bullied?

Margarita 42:17
Cyberbook okay. It is kind of the same as we've real life bullying like when you get bullets personally I don't know it doesn't feel like something that bad because in social media we have like this beautiful button that says blocked. So you can always push that. I mean you can try to talk to person and try to reason with him to understand why he is doing that. But generally people are just bored and if they're giving that if I if they have that much time that much spare time to like to commit the this kind of bullying, then they probably are not satisfied with their life and there is nothing interesting going on with this. So they spend their time like getting on other people's nerves digitally. And they do that in order to not face the consequences of the real life. Because in real life, like you see the person who is doing that and you can like it is easier to gets rightful punishment for them. So you shouldn't really put much thought into it and give it much attention.

Question   44:05
How do I build self confidence?

Margarita 44:14
I don't think that there is one recipe for that because for different people's self confidence is, means completely different things. For somebody, it's it consists from the way they look, the way they think, the way, like how there, how many jokes they know or something like that. So in order to be confident in yourself, you need to work on yourself. Either way he if things go bad or good, you can always say that I'm working on myself, I'm still in the process and I'm getting to be a better person because there is never people that are perfect. There's no people like that. And probably at any stage in your life. You understand that the goals you have reached like other people have reached years ago and it took you much more time, but it's your journey and you got to that point by working hard. So working hard is actually what makes it count and what makes you more confident about yourself because you're not just sitting there and like pitting yourself being miserable. You you doing you actually put putting an effort.

Question   45:56
How can I avoid procrastination?

Margarita 46:23
So procrastination. Honestly, it feels like procrastination is what comes mostly to the talented people. So if you're procrastinating, you're probably not the person. Please what that's what the scientists they're saying.

Margarita 46:46
Procrastination comes out of like you should understand the origins of it. Procrastination really comes when you're already at least more or less good in something like in whatever skills you were trying to master, you're approximately good at it and you've been putting a lot of work already because we all know that it's much harder to start and to get to some point then it is to go through it and you see the results much vividly much more vividly at the beginning. So at some point you're like, you think that I already have these skills from time to time I will be like polishing them and that's that's okay. Like you don't you don't do much for your skills. You do not develop them because you don't see much of a result of such bright and vivid result. So it is something that I like this approach in for example, weight loss journeys when you take some kind of. Estimation system, for example, it can be centimeters or kilograms or whatever it is that works with you and you just like you track your process. So you just you set like mini goals that you achieve and this way you see your progress like then you might not see it's in a bigger picture, but you will after some time you will see that. And with the with those small goals that you achieve, you will understand that you're not standing in the, on the spot and just like doing nothing, but you actually are progressing.

Question   49:08
What should I do if I'm feeling peer pressure to engage in risky behavior?

Margarita 49:24
Honestly have no idea because I, I never cared about that. I don't know. I just was that kind of kid that was re, was reason up with strong opinion and. If I didn't want to do something that I did not do it, like ask yourself if that is worth it. Like if that risky behavior, if it's going to like. To be really worth it, what will you gain from that behavior? What will give it to you? Some kind of status or like, is that status worth it? Is worth it getting injured and giving your mom a proper scare? Like, wow.

Question   50:23
How do I choose the right college?

Margarita 50:35
First things first, what people always think about is price. Of course, it's there's no way getting away from it. But like then secondly, you think about you should probably read the program. Like mostly nowadays it is much easier because like with all the Ju digitalization of our society, like more and more information, there is an internet and you can, if you have people whom you know personally or like through some relatives who has been to a college that has your major, you can probably talk to them and have their feedback but, do not really strongly rely on that opinion because people, not all people are generally hardworking and they might just have been lazy and did not do well. That's why they had problems. Other thing is you probably should read the program on the website and like to get familiar with the things that, the program itself, like what you're going to study, how are you going to study, like to understand the methodology of the university. Maybe it has some really interesting innovations that are going to get you sold for this or that university. Get all the information you can.

Question   52:26
How can I manage stress during exams?

Margarita 52:37
Okay. Once again, you won't be stressed if you know what there's going to be on the exam so oh, probably just listen, note and then repeat the information that you got all through your lectures, all through your classes. It will give you the confidence and there won't be any stress here you'll be confident that you're going to get through it smoothly like you have studied the material so what they're what is there to be stressed about?

Question   53:19
What should I do if I'm feeling isolated or lonely?

Margarita 53:32
Once again, nowadays we live in a really digitalized century and nowadays there is a lot of apps where you can go and find yourself friends like it is relatively it is relatively safe and secure if you mind the like points of the security and safe communication through the internet, like not giving the person on the other side like any crucial personal information about yourself.

Margarita 54:14
You cannot friends that this is the way I met my best friend. We've met through and we call dating up. And we've been best friends for a year and a half already. So. Nowadays there's really a lot of ever a lot of ways of like finding new friends, finding new acquaintances without even stepping out of your door. But other than that, if you like feeling lonely and want some stuff to do, you can just like visit places that you're interested in at least in at your city. It is also really crucial once in a while to get out of the house and have a like date with yourself to just spend time with yourself, treat yourself to something nice, maybe something tasty or something beautiful. Represented

question   00:04
how do I handle peer pressure to use drugs or alcohol?

Margarita 00:15
Honestly, you should develop your own views about this kind of stuff because this is your life not, no one is going to decide it for you and you're the one who's going to go through the outcome of your decisions. You, I strongly recommend to develop a stable opinion on that matter.

Margarita 00:42
If you're, if someone is trying to be, to pressure you into doing something like using the arguments of being popular or something like that or belonging to some crew, trust me, you don't want to belong to the crew who has that kind of moral, issues and that kind of connectors, maybe like friend friendly connectors. If that is what takes to be in that group, then just run away from there.

question   01:28
How can I improve my vocabulary?

Margarita 01:34
Honestly, by reading books, as a person who learns several languages, I can say that. Everything actually can help you on the way of learning new words like social media, then books and all the things around you. Like for example, me as a translator, I always like, I can just like be writing on a trend through the city and like looking at the billboards and thinking how would I translate the world word? Like, wait, I don't know the word, how to translate it, for example, into English. So I open up the, like any kind of vocabulary and look it through and just note it down for myself. So it is all about your mindset. If you are determined to enrich your vocabulary, you'll use every opportunity.

question   02:38
What should I do if I witness bullying at school?

Margarita 02:47
Well, first things first. Like the new rule about this kind of situations is to make sure that you're not involved and you, that you are safe personally. Think about your personal safety at first. You, like becoming the new target is not going to help the other person. So probably you should. Go talk to that person who is being bullied. The first thing. If you're witnessing something like that. Depending on the situation, you can stick to that person. But unless it isn't getting violent, if it is, you should probably call the police and notify the authorities, but not get yourself into the fight.

question   04:08
How can I become a better public speaker?

Margarita 04:13
Oh, that is something that I struggle with myself because the thing that you spend your time on stage, like dancing or singing or doing whatever stuff, does not mean that you can speak properly, for example. I'm confident in what I do, in the skills that I know that I have. But in the areas where I'm not confident for like I'm not always sure if I'm going to say something that is going to vibe with other people and if they will get me. And if I'm not sure that this topic is relevant or I'm not sure which words to use, I get really anxious speaking in public too. But I think that you should, you need to give a speech that you should outline some key points that you're going to highlight specifically and you should give yourself like kind of a plan. And I just go with it. Maybe even put in some key and thematic words if that will make it easier for you, like some really hard terms that you can remember. Something like that. But about it is actually about your like mental, mental barriers because. Everything is in your head, honestly. Because if you're in a position where you have to give a speech, where you have to speak in public, you have been put there by someone and that means that you have already have, you have already been estimated and you already have the abilities required for that. So you can think for yourself that you have already passed the first, like, I don't know, the first obstacle on the way to being better in this. And you're already there. So you have all the knowledge, you have all the skills and you should not be afraid. You should tell yourself that and maybe do some rehearsals like speak before your friends, speak before for your parents and do stuff like that.

question   07:02
What should I do if I'm struggling with body image issues?

Margarita 07:14
For some period of time, I was I wouldn't say bullied, but I did get unpleasant comments on my appearance on. I was really self conscious about my weight as a teenager. And. The thing that makes difference, like, almost 80%, even close to 90 percent of people on the earth are unsatisfied with how they look. And there is something that they want to change about themselves.

Margarita 07:59
And so the principle here that I found out for myself is to quick complaining and start working on yourself. Because when you start working in the process, first things first, process gives you the satisfaction. It honestly does. Whatever that is, the sports or like skin treatment or something like that, it gives you satisfaction. Then it also boost your confidence and it really gives you results. So after some time, you're going to see progress and all the SCR, all the struggle is going to worth it. All the hard work is going to worth it. And so just start working. Like today you can start doing something to be better. And tomorrow you already have a certain amount of progress. But if you still are crying about not being enough, not being good enough, then nothing is going to change.

question   09:20
How can I develop or actually how do I navigate social media responsibly?

Margarita 09:34
Well, first things for us about your personal safety, like post whatever you're comfortable with and whatever you're sure that there's no way people are going to use against you. So social media is really for entertainment mostly, like. It is. It's ultimate task to entertain people. So if you don't really want to share anything and you're not feeling it, so you can just have social media but post nothing there. And it doesn't mean you can't communicate with other people. You can do that on different apps even without exposing your personal information. So just keep your boundaries up and don't let people to persuade you into something that you're not comfortable with.

question   10:46
What should I do if I'm experiencing peer pressure to cheat?

Margarita 11:01
It honestly depends on whom you're experiencing the pressure from. If that's your peers, then it's once again about like some daring game and popularity and like, being a part of a crew, then it is probably not worth it because like, knowledge that you're getting while you're studying for the test, they're going to stay with you forever. Like, you can get the grade, but you'll still need the knowledge. It will catch up with you either way because, like, then going into college, then going into, like, higher education, you're still going to face a lot of stuff that you've Learned at school because my whole life I hated chemistry and math. They're totally not my subject.

Margarita 12:03
But later when I, like, started my degree in humanitarian studies. I still had to, for ecology, I still had to do the calculations and I had to remember, like, some chemical elements and I still had to learn that. So I didn't learn that at school, so I had to catch up with it. And so you're, either way, you're going to need that. So there is no point in cheating.

Margarita 12:44
Other thing, if you're pressured by your teacher that is like, I mean, meaning that he's pressuring you in a way when he's trying to manipulate you, like, he's giving you hard time, not giving you the Mark that you deserve, you can always like talk to you once again, talk to the authorities, talk to your principal or like your head teacher and and I think you can get another decision for that. You can be shifted to another class or you can just pass an exam to another teacher or something like that can be sorted out also.

question   13:39
 how can I improve my relationship with my siblings?

Margarita 13:45
Oh I have two sisters, younger sisters. I'm the eldest and. Me and my second sister, we have like, no, my first sister, so she's a middle child. I'm the oldest child. She's a middle child. We have like a two year age gap. And it's nothing, it's, it doesn't really feels like she is much younger than me.

Margarita 14:17
But for some period of time we were leaving like cat and dog because she was like, you're not older, you're not that older than me. So I don't have to listen to you. And I was like, I'm your older sister. Like I'm going to be the one who is, going to be scolded for you not behaving or stuff like that. So we were falling out and even get gotten to cat fights a lot. And right now, she's really one of my best friends because like when the war started, a lot of my friends, they went abroad and female friends especially. And like she's by my side. She stayed here and we support each other and we going through relate to leave the same stuff at the same, like in relatively the same age. So the age gap doesn't feel that big anymore as it was in our childhood. My other sister who is 7 years younger than me, she's a piece of work, to put it slightly it can be hard with her because she. The kids right now, even like the teenagers, they're already growing up in a different, a kind of society that has different demands for, like, children her age.

Margarita 16:03
And there are some things that I don't understand about what she's going through. But still, I'm trying to support her and I'm trying to be there for her so that she would know that even though she's much younger than we're, she still has two sisters and she still can come to us for help and we will be there for her and will help her through all the hardships that she has. So I would say communication and being ready to open up and being ready to forgive because our siblings do get on our nerves a lot. But at the end of the day, they're going to be the ones who is going to be with you through sickness.

question   17:00
What should I do if I'm dealing with a difficult breakup?

Margarita 17:11
I didn't have a breakup, but I had a situation where I was into a guy, but like that wasn't. There wasn't mutual. So, but he led me on to it. So, like, it was a hard situation and it was a hard time because I really experienced feelings that intense for the first time. And another thing that made it harder is that my best friend was involved in all of that stuff. So, I don't know.

Margarita 18:06
I kind of just focus on myself for some period of time. I took some time alone and I try to get out of my usual surrounding. I got I got asked to be in a he really interesting project and missionary project, was a translator there. So it really helped me to like have a breath of fresh air. And I don't know. I think it is important to give yourself some time to grief and really express those emotions that you're feeling because they're not irrelevance. It's okay to fill that way because like you're, you really, you thought that person was really close to you and maybe he was for some period of time, he was very dear to you. And it is hard to say goodbye to those people who have played a he a vital role in our life for a long period of time. So it's okay to give yourself an opportunity to express those emotions however you want to express them, like even to the point of crying with a chocolate. So, and then just get up and try to do something maybe out of your comfort zone or something that will get you somewhere you feel valued and somewhere you feel it's a new chapter that like. Something better is starting for you. So you would get a compressive experience to what you've had recently.

question   20:13
What role does spirituality or religion play in your life, if any?

Margarita 20:22
I am a Christian. I have been a Christian since my childhood. My parents are rations to, they actually were the first one, like they repented when they were approximately 2022. And then they had me and I grew up. I can, I wouldn't say that my family was that religious. Like people draw a really thin line, almost transparent line between religion and traditions. And I would say my family was a family of believers or rather than a religious family. Like we, there wasn't stuff like we weren't allowed to wear clothes that we, we weren't, we did not have like some things that were forbidden for us. Our parents were like we gave you something that we think that is genuinely true. And we told you about God and we like you read the Bible, the child, the Bible for children, you how it is like we gave you something to think about. But it is completely your decision whatever you going to do with your life, like, that there are certain things that are not right and certain things that you should do. So now it is your time to choose whatever you want in your life.

Margarita 22:09
And when I was eleven. We move to Odessa and we kind of started looking here for a church. And. It's tough because it's almost like looking for a new family. So, later on, we found a charge for us, it's and Messianin Jewish Church and congregation. It's it's more correct messaging Jewish congregation and we stay there.

Margarita 22:54
When I was 13 or 13, I understood that is something that is a vital part of my life. And I understood that that is something that I want to have in my life. That is really important to me. And I do really believe and I'm not going to trade it for lake the fun that my peers are having and for the. Pain that they also experiencing from that fan. And right now, I'm also in that congregation, we still go there and. I'm happy to deliver.

question   23:47
Do you believe in karma or the concept of cosmic justice?

Margarita 23:57
No, I don't. No, it is against the, like what's written in Bible.

Margarita 24:04
So it is kind of a, and Hindus and Buddhist kind of concept. So, I honestly don't know even for myself right now, because some of my friends, they say that I'm really optimistic and that like, I'm trying to look at things from brighter side and that I'm like, we're going to get through that situation.

question   24:14
And are you more inclined towards optimism or pessimism?

Margarita 24:46
It's not that hard. Like everything is going to be fine. But some people think that I panic a lot and that there are some points where I can like burst into tears from some tiny little news. For example, last semester I had a I saw on my timetable that I'm going to have two teachers with whom I had not the best history, not the best relationship and so I was like, I got through with one of them through the SEMA through the past semesters and then another one also through the past semesters, but them together in one semester I thought I'm going to die and I'm not going to pass those subjects and I showed up on my best friend's Porsche like crying and he was like, what's wrong?

Margarita 25:47
Like you haven't even started the semester. Maybe everything is going to be alright. You're going to pass those subjects like it's not that scary. And there are sometimes that when I panic before anything happens, but most of the time I think I'm trying to be on the positive side because like being pessimistic most of the time gets you to quit and to give up. So it doesn't really benefits like the situation that you're in and that you're facing, like your that you find yourself in. So being optimistic is the only way you're going to start processing it and actually trying to get through it.

question   26:45
Do you believe in the concept of destiny or fate?

Margarita 26:57
Something like that. There is in Bible, not completely the concept of fate, but Bible says that, oh, there are certain things that god has in plan for our lives and they're going to, he's going to implement them either way we're choosing. But I think it really depends on us which way we choose. And wherever we're going, we do have that privilege of choosing. Though there are still some things that are set in stone and that you cannot change for yourself.

question   27:46
What are your views on forgiveness and second chances?

Margarita 27:59
Well, usual, well, forgiveness is something that. You really should give to people because you're not perfect yourself. And there will be days when you mess up and you will ask for forgiveness. So forgiving people for something that they've done and maybe even going and asking for forgiveness yourself, even you, even if you're not the one who has been in their own, maybe it is something that people should think about doing more often about second chances?

Margarita 28:45
Well, talking about second chances usually comes with talking about returning the trust, which is much harder. Like you can forgive a person. You can have no grudge against him and you're like, I'm genuinely here for you. And if you need anything, you can always ask me. Like, I'm not mad. I'm not somewhere in bad with you. So it's cool between us. But that's exactly the thing. It's cool between you. Like it's not going to be warm like it was before.

Margarita 29:18
You're not going to trust that person. Like it is much harder to return that trust because if person has cheated on you or he has betrayed you, even though you might forgive that person for hurting you, that doesn't mean that you should trust him because like if a person has done that once, he probably will do that the second time.

question   29:47
how do you define a fulfilling and meaningful job?

Margarita 30:00
It is really something that, you get the satisfaction from, like, obviously, because without that, your job is going to be like a struggle for you and struggling your whole life is not a way of living. So, it's something joyful, okay, maybe not even joyful, even though some people are lucky to have that. It is something that really gets your head going.

Margarita 30:38
For example, I don't know, for example, I'm a translator and I like the process and I like the like the way I struggle with words and the way I try to find the right words for expressing myself and the way I express the emotions that other people put in the text in one language and I'm transferring it to another language. It is something that takes you logic because you need to have in mind the structure of one language and have in mind the structure of another language. And it also takes your imagination to fly because there are so many ways of expressing the same sentence with different emotional colorings and understanding what emotional coloring has the author put into it and what emotional coloring you is going to be at least a bit relevant to what he wanted to say in your language. So it is something that keeps your mind trained and keeps your mind going and something that you really enjoy, although it, you have to rest from every work you do.

question   32:13
Are you more driven by passion or financial stability in your career choices?

Margarita 32:27
I probably would say passion because, well, I'm lucky enough to have someone who provides for me so I don't have to rush into anything, like into any decisions, into any jobs. And I can take my time while studying. I can choose whatever I want in my life. So I would say that right now I'm working in a place where I. We're like to be. And it is really satisfying for me to translate for the topic I'm doing, like the religious texts. It is something that is close to me and something that I understand very well and something that I want to be more educated about. So I benefits from it in a lot of ways. And so I think right now I'm more driven by passion rather than like, I had experiences of translating like other stuff. Like I translated for our gallery, also translated for volunteers, like for military purposes. But I don't know, it wasn't the same there. You just, I don't know how to describe it there. You just like translating all the simple facts. And it doesn't really give you the room for imagination, although it is still technically interesting to Tran translate the but the things that you have heard in English into whatever you language you're translating to. But it takes away that kind of joy of giving it a certain emotional coloring.

question   34:50
how do you handle work related stress and pressure?

Margarita 35:05
I'm one of those people who actually works better, more efficiently when pressured because if I'm given the freedom of doing whatever I want, like I have a free schedule and I can schedule for myself wherever, whenever I want to do the job, I'm going to do it on the last day. I'm the person who needs discipline and it is better if my boss pressures me, he gives me exact date when I have to hand it in and like the amount of days that I can work on it or even checking my proce progress on a certain work because otherwise I'm going to do that on the last day or even on the last night probably.

question   36:11
what's your favorite travel destination and why?

Margarita 36:23
Okay, so from the ones that I have already visited I would probably say it was Berlin because I really love how German like arrange their city like there is a lot of in the city center there is like monuments there is architecture like there is a lot of stuff there is a lot of cafes even some cheap ones but at the same time you walk for a bit and you walk into like a a forest basically at the city center like Tiergarten is super beautiful so and they have gardens almost everywhere on their in their city so even though it is a capital of the country like they still, don't cut out all the nature from it in order to build in some office buildings or something like that. And that is really precious. That is really cool.

Margarita 37:44
And from the destinations that I would like to visit, I would probably say, well, Korea because I'm interested in Asian culture and it really fascinates me, like everything from people to their food, their culture, their architecture. And also I would love to visit Spain is it has also rich history, rich architecture and I don't know, it just feels really warm and cozy. As for me, that's how I. Think. And well, as an English speaker, the one who wants to be an English speaker I would really love to visit both Great Britain and United States because the language is the same, but the culture is super different. And it's, it's really interesting.

question   39:26
How do you perceive the lessons we can learn from history?

Margarita 40:00
Okay, so, well, as you said about the war, I think the problem here is why we're not like summing all up and not getting towards ever at all is the progress that really gets into people's mind. They think that if we have progress with for example, I don't know, some military stuff like weapons or stuff like that. Even in like nuclear bombs development like, and stuff like that. So, that has been a lot of development since the Second World War. So people are thinking like they're thinking that then it was a different era than there were people with different, more of standards and different background and like the world was in a different place.

Margarita 41:22
Now we have technologies. Now we have so much more. So. Maybe with today's resources, they think that they might achieve some goals of what the, I don't know, global leaders, he can call them that, global propaganda, try to achieve them. Like they think that right now, this technology gives them more power. And, but about people, like just peep people themselves, like the common folk.

Margarita 42:15
I don't know, honestly. But, for example, Ukrainians here, we have always been, throughout our history, we have always been like, it was hard for us to bow down for, to somebody. Like we always left freedom and we didn't like to be oppressed. So our people always got up and did something about it. So there were revolutions and stuff like that. So that is the culture, the tradition, the, I don't know, maybe it's, you can say that it's in our blood, but it's very pedic. It's some kind of our cultural cultural thing that it's just there. And that is something that we have been brought up like as children. We have Learned that. We have Learned experience of the previous generations. And that is something that we grew up in.

Margarita 43:25
But other nations that do not like fight against the oppressor that is in their country, maybe you can say that it's the same way that they're used to being oppressed and they're already in that position where they, they don't know how to, there was never like a successful. A successful example of trying to cause a revolution or stand up against somebody. So they given up on that thoughts. They don't know how to do it properly. And they're so used to being in that position that it is normal already for them that they don't know that there is something else out there. So maybe that is why we're not learning.

question   45:16
What emerging technology are you most excited about and why?

Margarita 45:30
Well, as a translator, probably the cut programs, I like the name, the cat programs, like computer assistant translators, and they're really helpful.

Margarita 45:46
Like they're a bit complicated to work with, but they're really helpful in terms of when you, like, for example, it remembers the constructions for the first and it gives you like, for example, there is hard construction, I don't know, fuel cell, Powerpoint, something like that.

Margarita 46:11
And it is kind of complicated to translate properly in Russian. And especially it is hard to translate for now in Ukrainian because unfortunately, nowadays we have come to an understanding, like Ukrainian translators have come to a struggle where there is not many, many proper terms in Ukrainian that would that would be completely right to use instead of Russians. Like there's simply a lot of terms that are absent. So these programs, they remember this kind of constructions. And then later on, if you have it in any kind of your other texts, you just suggest you the translation that you have already found or that you have already made for that construction. So it is really helpful. It can give you even like the extracts of the text if you had something like that before for it remembers it and it automatically puts it into the text and this kind of stuff. But that program is like was seven or five years ago, something like that. And right now they're developing even more so they have even more abilities now and that is something that I really like.

question   47:55
do you have any ethical concerns with the emerging technologies?

Margarita 48:03
And. Kinda because. There is an example like ChatGPT we all use it and it is an awesome application and it's it's awesome AI and it really it is really helpful when you need to do a certain stack of work and it is not like that hard, but it's simply just there is a task that should be done. There's a certain task that should be done and it is just simply takes a lot of time not a lot of brain, but a lot of time and ChatGPT really helps with that but in terms of knowledge, it can really be very deceptive because I'm not sure where it takes this information. I suppose from, from Google, like from the internet simply. And my sister, she studies for an, in our department, she is an artist and they have for, they have this subject like history of culture of different nations and they study, they're professional so they study really specific things that are not commonly known that are even controversial to the pictures that we sometimes have. And I know that a lot of people are just like opening the ChatGPT and like putting that, putting in the question and whatever information and gives you, they just put it into the, I say or wherever they like doing assignment paper and they hand it in and they don't even read it. So it has come to the point where people trust the technology so much they don't even try to filter and logically understand the information that it is giving to them and that is something really disturbing because recently on home reading less lessons we've read.

Margarita 50:42
Last question I'm not sure who is the author but it's a short story about AI also an AI. It has been written in 50s or 60s and even then people already had an idea about something that is going to solve problems for people and people there they he like that AI it did not try to like, cause a riot against them and like to enslave the humanity. But we have been talking about it and I did really understood that the actual danger from those technologies and specifically the AI is that people are stopping to think like that is. And that that is really bad because we know that due to the evolution, there is parts of our body that stop working when they're not needed. And if we'll get all the information like on the silver plate, we don't have to do anything for it, then like that kind of sounds like a call for degradation. So that is really disturbing.


