Riley Bendery : Triple V App Data
2023-12-05 14:32:46 CST
25min 7s
Keywords
different question favorite type favorite way favorite season favorite recipes favorite hobbies favorite destination little different time favorite food romance book big art people favorite musical genre favorite childhood memory big romance gal last question different things big one daily life
Transcript
question   00:03
what's your full name and is there a story behind it? And where were you born and raised?

Riley Bendery 00:10
My name is Riley Bendry and I was born and raised in Escandita, California. Oh, I just bent on everything else no, they, well, I mean, they thought I was a boy when I was, before I was born cuz they didn't know.

Riley Bendery 00:29
And so they were gonna name me Max, but they just randomly last minute was like, what? Let's be Riley. So.

question   00:51
can you tell me about your family?

Riley Bendery 00:54
So I live with my brother and my mom. We're pretty chaotic. I mean, we're a lot of fun.

Riley Bendery 01:27
So my brother is 16. He goes obviously same school as me and my sister. My brother, sorry, I confuse. So my brother is already said that. My bad. I'm sorry. My mom.

Riley Bendery 01:45
My mom is old and she works the post office. So she's always delivering mail and stuff like that. We have a cat. His name is Tom. He is 20 pounds. He's a big, big boy. But I mean, my brother and I'm very close with him.

question   02:22
What's your favorite childhood memory?

Riley Bendery 02:25
Oh, I, we used to go to the desert a ton and we used to just ride and gem hunt and that was always amazing going out there. The heat was a little warm, but other than that, it was fantastic.

question   02:40
What's your relationship status and what do you look for in a partner?

Riley Bendery 02:45
So I'm single and for a partner, I mean, I'm not too picky. I mean, someone who can meet me on the same level, someone who's likes the same things I do and is willing to work through things. I mean, that's a big communications very big to me.

question   03:12
What do you do for a living and do you enjoy your job?

Riley Bendery 03:16
Well, I'm a full time student. I'm full time student. So I mean, I'm, I like being a student. I think it's nice. I mean, it's a lot of work, but it's well worth it.

question   03:27
Have you traveled much and what's your favorite destination?

Riley Bendery 03:31
Oh, I like to travel. So we do travel. I love Massachusetts cuz that's where my family is from. So we get to visit them every year and that's very nice.

question   04:00
what are some of your life goals and aspirations?

Riley Bendery 04:04
Probably my left goal would be to go to college and to be able to get my degree and teaching.

question   04:12
What do you wanna teach?

Riley Bendery 04:15
I'm thinking history right now. I love history. Just, it's so fascinating. Probably yesterday, I would say being where I am today, cuz I used to be, no, I wasn't very good at grades and I wasn't very good at school.

question   04:23
Do you have any significant personal achievements you're proud of?

Riley Bendery 04:35
And being where I am now, being at college, work as a freshman is fantastic. And I'm very proud of myself.

question   04:45
What are your favorite hobbies or pastimes?

Riley Bendery 04:48
I love to bake. I'm a cooker. I'm a baker. I love to make desserts.

question   04:54
Do you have any space? Like favorite recipes?

Riley Bendery 04:57
My favorite would probably be terrasu. I just, once it's made, it's like it's gone the next day.

Riley Bendery 05:05
My mom made it and then I was like, what? I wanna, like, I was like, what? There's something missing. So I kind of like added my touches and we have a compromise.

question   05:27
 Are there any sports or physical activities you enjoy?

Riley Bendery 06:01
I do like football. I'm a football gal. So I love to just running. I'm not a big fan of, oh, forgiven that. I love football. But it's just, when it's with the team and everything, it just, it's good. It's special.

question   06:34
What types of books, movies or TV shows do you like?

Riley Bendery 06:39
I am a big romance gal, so I have quite a few books in the background. But I just, any book, I mean, I'm not like, oh, it has to be romance. Like, I'm open to everything. I mean, books are books. They're very interesting and you get to learn.

Riley Bendery 07:00
Yep. I don't know. It kind of depends. There's a bunch of different ones. I mean, depends on the mood I am for the day. It could be something scatter a more like a sad romance or it could be more of like a just like a hallmark movie like a happy like cheesy romance.

question   07:51
Do you have a favorite musical genre or artist?

Riley Bendery 07:55
I would say pop. I don't have like a specific artist though I did go to the Doji Cat concert a few months ago. So it's she's on my top right now.

question   08:06
Are you into any arts or crafts like painting or writing?

Riley Bendery 08:11
I am I actually I have an art room in my house cuz we're big art people in my household painting, drawing, watercolor, everything. I just, art is, it's magnificent.

Riley Bendery 08:28
She used to do art as a kid. And so we had a little tough shed outside and so we didn't know what to do with it. And it's too strong. Sorry. So we're like, what? Let's make an art studio so.

question   09:04
Are you passionate about any social or environmental process?

Riley Bendery 09:09
Very passionate about the school system right now. Our school systems around here are not very good. And it's something that I think needs to be improved.

Riley Bendery 09:22
From my area, at least from what I've seen in my area and experienced in my area.

question   09:29
What's something you've always wanted to learn or try?

Riley Bendery 09:34
Am I always wanted to learn how to speak Italian and I'm actually working on that cuz I can take that next year.So planning on doing that.We can take it so good.

question   09:49
 Do you have any unusual or hidden talents?

Riley Bendery 09:57
I don't think so. I mean, I can wiggle my ear but I. I feel like everyone could do that.

Riley Bendery 10:07
And so you just like, it's like a muscle and it tighten it and close it and you can move.

question   10:19
How would you describe your personality in a few words?

Riley Bendery 10:24
Oh, silly, caring. I mean, pretty much me.

question   10:34
What are your core values in life?

Riley Bendery 10:38
I think honesty is a big one for me. Honesty, kindness. Just loyalty. I mean, that's like the big ones for me.

question   10:49
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? And how does that affect you?

Riley Bendery 10:54
I'm definitely an extrovert. I love people. I'm always out there. I mean, everyone. I'm always out there. Doesn't matter what it is.

question   11:02
What qualities do you value most in a friend?

Riley Bendery 11:07
Someone who can be with you and someone who doesn't judge. Someone judging is, I think, big one today. And I love someone who could just listen to you and just relate in a way that's good.

question   11:21
What's your approach to handling conflict or difficult situations?

Riley Bendery 11:26
I take it step by step. I'm not someone who just like tries to fix it in a day. I think it takes time. So I take the necessary steps that are needed.

question   11:36
Do you have an example of what those steps might be like?

Riley Bendery 11:41
Sometimes people need space. So it's like you don't always hit it right off the bat. Sometimes you give it a few days and maybe it's come, going up to the person in a few days and being like, hey, let's talk about it. Or sometimes it's just giving them the reassurance that they need. Hey, like, I didn't mean this, I'm sorry. Or sometimes, eh, there's many different forms they can go by.

question   12:03
How do you define success and happiness?I

Riley Bendery 12:10
I mean, as long as I feel like I've done the best, very best that I could. That is what I think a success.

question   12:17
What is an event in your life that has shaped you to who you are today?

Riley Bendery 12:28
I would say probably my parents divorce made me learn a lot of lessons about who I am and how life is not always fair.

question   12:45
what's your all time favorite food?

Riley Bendery 12:49
 I would say would have to be steak. I just can't get past it.

Riley Bendery 12:58
I mean, I can eat it with the side or not with the side. Either way.

question   13:03
Do you have a go to comfort meal or snack?

Riley Bendery 13:08
I would say it would probably be banana bread cuz growing up we would always make banana bread every week. It was my favorite.

question   13:21
What's your favorite season and why?

Riley Bendery 13:24
I would say fall because I like the cold. It's like windy and cold. And also family Thanksgiving, my birthday is there as well. So it's like a little bit of everything.

question   13:58
Can you name a book or movie that profoundly impacted you?

Riley Bendery 14:04
Oh, that is a tricky one. I would say The Giving Tree. It's a book. I used to read it when I was younger and I felt like that hit me very hard and it still hits me now. It's like I read it and it's like how much we take and yet that tree still gives. It means something to me.

Riley Bendery 14:30
It's a kid's book, but I remember reading it as a kid and it's just.

question   14:39
What's your favorite way to relax or unwind?

Riley Bendery 14:45
Probably just take time for myself if it's skincare or if it's cooking, something I really wanna have or walking. I love walking. I mean, just time for me to unwind a little bit.

question   14:58
Are there any specific daily rituals or habits that you have?

Riley Bendery 15:05
Every morning I always have fruit. That's everything I do every morning. It doesn't matter what day it is. Is it kind of like a ritual now? Every morning I make fruit.

question   15:20
 what's your favorite type of weather?

Riley Bendery 15:23
I like the cold. The cold is amazing.

question   15:27
Have you ever had a life changing travel experience?

Riley Bendery 15:33
I would say. I went to Mexico and I think I saw the difference. My dad is from Mexico. And I think I saw the difference in culture. It's very different from how it is here. And I mean, it kind of gave me an inside look to how it could be for other people that I don't experience on a day to day basis.

Riley Bendery 15:58
They have, well, from where we went, I went to Kabul and Cancun, but it's a little different. I mean, because there they have to do different things on daily life sometimes they don't always get to go to school and sometimes they struggle on a day to day basis and I'm very fortunate to be able to go to school and very fortunate to have a family who can afford those things and when I see that it's sad, but it's I can see the difference in how it is from here and there.

question   16:30
Is there a place you dream of visiting someday?

Riley Bendery 16:36
I love Europe specifically Italy. I won't be I'm going in a year European trip coming up but it's not to Italy unfortunately, but that's okay. I am so grateful. It's gonna be funny their way.

Riley Bendery 16:56
So they're doing one for it's Swiss, Switzerland, France and Alps and then Germany. So it will be it would be great. It's just if it whoever wants to go, you can go kind of trip people always say that I'm like, oh, so lucky, hum, city cuz I'm more of a I'm I love people.

question   17:34
Have you ever taken a spontaneous trip and what happened?

Riley Bendery 17:39
Oh we did so we took one to ocean side, which is like 20 minutes away from us and. Was for no reason unless we well, we thought we were gonna get food down there and then we are we ended up losing our car somehow and so we had to stay over there overnight. It was, we did, we did but we had to save the night cuz they weren't we, by the time we figured it out, it was already closed.

question   18:25
Do you enjoy outdoors activities or adventure sports?

Riley Bendery 18:31
I love outdoor, out outdoor activities. I think it's just, you get to experience a little bit more.

question   18:39
What's the most beautiful natural scenery you've witnessed?

Riley Bendery 18:46
Oh, bits between two for me. So I went to the Grand Canyon and that was phenomenal. It was just stunning. But I also really love the forest. I, when I used to go to North Carolina and it's just all forest out there. It's just, you're really with nature out there.

question   19:04
How do you approach making and maintaining friendships?

Riley Bendery 19:10
I make sure that I'm giving 150%. It doesn't always matter for me how much I have to put in. It's more if, as long as I put my effort in, my part in, and they put theirs in, that's, for me, that's all that matters.

question   19:26
Can you describe your closest friend and what do you admire about them?

Riley Bendery 19:32
Michael, this is a friend. Her name is Rachel. She is everything to me. She really, she cares. And whenever I need something, she's always there. And she, no matter what it is, she's always by your side. And it's just, she, she listens, she cares. And it's just, that means everything to me.

question   19:54
What qualities do you value most in a romantic partner?

Riley Bendery 19:59
Probably honesty. Honesty is a big one for me. I just, I w, if you're doing something it shouldn't be, I rather know, you know, I mean, I take it as needed.

question   20:08
How do you handle disagreements or conflicts in relationships?

Riley Bendery 20:19
I mean, sometimes that can be like, if it's a close friend, I'll be like, oh, come on. Or like if it's someone I'm like less comfortable around, I would probably just be like, okay, agree to disagree, but okay.

question   20:54
Do you believe in soulmates or lifelong friendships?

Riley Bendery 21:02
I think depending on the person, you could just be like that with them and it's just like, that's all you need.

question   21:46
what's your philosophy on live or your guiding principles?

Riley Bendery 21:51
I just say keep moving forward. It doesn't matter. It's like our life is like an ocean. It just keeps going up and down and up and down. But at the end of the day, keep smoothing. So it's like you gotta keep moving and keep moving until the last second. I mean, you're always there.

question   22:09
Are there any unanswered questions or mysteries that fascinate you?

Riley Bendery 22:15
I would probably, I think I love history, so it's more like I wanna know more. It's like I always, there's always unanswered questions about who did this and how did they do things back then. It's something I so curious, very curious about.

question   22:32
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?

Riley Bendery 22:36
Equality. 100%. I would say that 100%. People aren't always treated as fairly as other people. And I think that's just ridiculous. It's ridiculous. And I think up, if I could change anything 100%, that'd be the No. 1 spot.

question   22:58
Do you believe in fate, free will or something else?

Riley Bendery 23:06
That's difficult. I mean, I just believe people, if people wanna do something, don't stop them. I think at the end of the day, if people do make a bad decision, justice will be served in the end.

question   23:28
What's your take on the meaning of life?

Riley Bendery 23:34
I would say it's just, life isn't easy. I mean, life is, it's crazy. And I think it's something that you can't put into words. It's something you just have to experience, both the good and the bad.

question   23:53
How do you view the balance between science and spirituality?

Riley Bendery 23:59
I would say part of it is the truth and part of it is something that holds us dearly. The science, you can't really, it's the truth. I mean, it's something we can't deny. Spirituality, I think that's very important to me. I am a Christian and it's very important to me. But I think it's more something we hold on to dearly. I think it's something that we like to put on. And I, by no means am I saying it's incorrect. I think it's just saying it's something we hold, just something we can put above us, something ourself that's above ourselves that we can hold dearly to us. I think that's, I, I, it's important. I think both is equally important, but they're in two separate categories.


question   00:04
have you ever had a major turning point in your life?

Riley 00:08
Yes. When I was starting to get more serious about school, I think that was one of the biggest ones.

Riley 00:28
More so when I was struggling in school during the divorce that was very difficult around fourth grade, I started to care a little bit more about my grades.And so I started working harder, staying longer at school.And slowly I got to higher grades and better scores.

question   00:49
How do you handle failure or setbacks?

Riley 00:54
Well, I take it step by step because sometimes it is my fault. Sometimes I don't study enough. And I do say that. And so I think it's always doing the best you can and sometimes doing better. So it's like if you didn't know, you didn't study too much, study more or stuff like that. Just make sure that you're ready and take it just the way you do.

question   01:22
What's something you've Learned about yourself recently?

Riley 01:27
I've Learned that I can be very quick to respond to things and sometimes I just need to take a second and think before I speak.

question   01:45
Do you have any personal mantras or quotes that inspire you?

Riley 01:51
I like to say when you think that you can't take that next step, that step that you don't think that you can take, that's when you know that you need to take that step. Whether it's doing a studying extra time or losing a friend, maybe taking that next step will bring you from one place to another. It's very important.

Riley 02:17
I've just come up with it. That's like what I say to myself sort of, so one of my fears is losing people and also bad grades.

question   02:25
Are there any fears or challenges you're actively working to overcome?

Riley 02:38
And so I think what I've done with both of them is I've kind of thought of it in a different perspective. Like I thought like, how do, why do I get bad grades in the start? Well, that's because I didn't study enough or something. So it's kind of like I prepare in case of it's like I already study enough. Okay, well, let me study now. Like I make a plan so I can put it in action.

question   03:03
What's the most valuable life lesson you've Learned so far?

Riley 03:08
I would say that life isn't fair because it really isn't. And I think it's a valuable lesson to know cuz life's a little difficult, but I think that's just, that's the, it's great about it.

question   03:23
Where do you see yourself in five, 10 or 20 years?

Riley 03:30
Well, I hope to get my degree and then start teaching. But one day I also wanna have a family of my own. So that's way in the future. But one day, hopefully.

Riley 03:46
I might have twins cuz twins are like a family line in our household. My mom's a twin, my dad's twin, my mom's mom to twin my dad as dad is a twin.So I probably will have twins, identical.

question   04:01
are there any specific goals or dreams you're currently pursuing?

Riley 04:14
Like I'm like, my dream is to graduate early from high school and I am working extremely hard towards that now.

question   04:32
 If you had unlimited resources, what would you do with your life?

Riley 04:39
Probably the same thing I'm doing now because I very happy with the way that I'm going. And when we're another, I wanna end that helping people no matter what way I have to take that. That's my end goal.

question   04:55
Do you have a bucket list of things that you wanna accomplish?

Riley 05:00
I do. So it's kind of silly, but I am terrible at science. And so what I made for this year was to at least get a beer higher on my final code. I don't know what it is. I can't wrap my head around science. So that's one of my goals for this year.

question   05:32
What legacy would you like to leave behind?

Riley 05:36
I wanna leave love, anything with love, like kindness. That's all I want. I think that's what people need the most.

question   05:49
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?

Riley 05:54
Probably to fly cuz then I could go places faster.

question   06:05
what's your spirit animal and why?

Riley 06:09
I would say a dolphin only because I love dolphins growing up and I always connected with them because they're free flowing and yet they stick in a group and they all they're all likes they're all part of one another. It's like there's a con deep connection and I feel that with like the people around me.

question   06:30
If you could time travel to any era, where and when would you go?

Riley 06:35
Oh, this one is difficult. I would probably go back to Rome cuz in the ancient time because I feel like we're sitting a lot about that now and it's so interesting. It's just life was very different back then and it's different to see how things are then than it was now.

question   07:09
What's the most unusual or adventurous thing you've ever eaten?

Riley 07:16
Woo. I would say. I don't usually eat anything out of my comfort zone but I did have a magnet. It was like a, I know I said anything on my comfort zone and then I just said Maggie, but it was a lollipop.

question   07:33
 If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?

Riley 08:01
I think it would have to be Abraham Lincoln because I feel like he has a lot of, I feel like he has a lot of wisdom.

Riley 08:10
I know that he has a lot of wisdom and he has experienced a lot. And I feel like he's someone who knows a lot. And I would love to know a lot. Like, it's just, I wanna pass down like smartness. I wanna pass down my wisdom. So it's kind of interesting.

question   08:34
What's your favorite type of dance move?

Riley 08:38
I don't usually dance, so I mean, every once in a while, I mean, I just kinda.

question   08:53
Do you have a favorite joke or funny story that you'd like to share?

Riley 08:59
Funny story. Oh, probably when I was in kindergarten and I, I made brownies for the class and it was disgusting. And, but it was so funny to mind for me because it was like, I made them and then everyone was like throwing it up.

Riley 09:16
And I was like, it.Long story short, I give the class at salmonella. But it was funny.

question   09:24
 What's your favorite type of dessert?You can say breakfast.

Riley 10:01
But I mean, chocolate is always delicious, but I'm a big fan of Terrasse, so, I like that one.

question   10:16
If you could eat only one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?

Riley 10:22
Probably Italian. Love Italian. You can't go wrong.

question   10:29
Do you believe in aliens or extraterrestrial life?

Riley 10:34
Oh, that one's debatable. I mean, with seeing everything that's like on the news and whatnot, it's like, maybe there is, but I haven't looked into it too much.

question   10:50
What's your ideal weekend getaway?

Riley 10:53
Oh, we could get away. Beach 100%. I just sitting and relaxing with some family. That's perfect.

question   11:22
Are you a morning person or a night owl?

Riley 11:26
I am 100% a morning person. I am always up early. I love it. It's perfect.

question   11:54
What's your favorite board game or card game?

Riley 11:58
Oh, it's a game called trouble.There's, it's kind of like, sorry, do you know? Sort of like that.

Riley 12:17
Oh, it's, there's like a little bopper that you click and then you just, it like it's a dice, someone through six and then you just move 1 to 6 depending on what you get.

question   12:29
What is a moment in your life that made you feel truly alive?

Riley 12:35
I would say it was when we went to when we travel, especially when we we just went to we just got back aruba a few months ago and just the views and I don't know I've never felt like that kind of alive cuz the wind with my hair it was just like something you can't like Unfeel. I guess.

question   12:58
Is there a specific song or piece of music that holds special meaning to you?

Riley 13:06
It's just I for I think it's by Lauren Dangle or something but it's called rescue I've been a India.

Riley 13:19
 that song is very nice. I love it.

Riley 13:24
It was it was just on a recommended and I was like, okay and I listen to it and I was I like this. It's nice.

question   13:57
Have you ever experienced a profound act of kindness?

Riley 14:00
Oh, yes. When in 4th grade, I was in a different teacher's classroom and I was struggling there still. And when I got back in the office, they said another teacher asked to have you in her class. And I was like, what does that mean? But she saw that I was struggling. And so she said that she will pay for my expenses to be moved to her class 1 because she knew that she saw something in me that the other teachers didn't.

Riley 14:29
So she gave me a second chance.And that's just amazing.

question   14:53
What's the most significant personal transformation you've undergone?

Riley 14:58
Probably going from being really immature to being someone who can now hold herself up. I feel like that. It's been a long time and it's definitely been a very difficult challenge. But I think it's, it's great. I love it.

Riley 15:22
For me, a lot of it was working on who I am, myself and who I wanna be. It was more letting things go, letting the pass go and kind of understanding situations as a whole, not as a piece. It was more just learning a lot about myself and how I take things and how I can work on that.

question   15:47
Can you recall a time when you face your biggest fear?

Riley 15:53
Oh, few months ago, actually, I've lost my whole friend group. A few months ago, one of my friends decided she didn't wanna be friends anymore and then she took the rest of them with her. So I was kind of stranded for like a month. But I mean, I think I, that's one of the best decisions I think I've had in a while because I've never Learned more about myself.

question   16:58
What would you do if you won the lottery tomorrow?

Riley 17:07
Probably give it to my mother. She was, she single mother. And so I think it's very important for her and she struggles and I think she is the one who needs it the most right now her and my family.

question   17:20
 If you could live in any fictional universe, which one would it be?

Riley 17:28
Oh, this is gonna be an odd answer I would probably say like Mafia.

Riley 17:37
I don't know there's something there man I don't know what it is I just I I it's exciting I don't know.

question   17:43
Like the lifestyle of a person in the Mafia.

Riley 17:47
Hum, me too.

question   17:51
 If you had the chance to meet your future self, what would you ask?

Riley 18:41
I would ask them are we still connected to our dad? Like are we still with our will talk into our Dan?

question   18:53
If you could have dinner with any three people living or dead, who would they be?

Riley 19:00
Probably my grandfather, my grandma and he is the his name is Angel, but he was a long lost friend of mine. But I, it was a long story week kind of cut when I was taken out of camp and he was like very close to me.

question   19:25
 What's your take on the current state of the world?

Riley 19:44
It's a hot mess right now. Honestly, with the wars and everything, it's a hot mess right now. I think it's very difficult because it's not as simple as just the government taking care of it. It's kind of involving more people, more. Or fighting more this more that and it's taking more of a toll on us and it's like, so it's very, it's a complicated thing. It's very, other than the teaching that we talked about yesterday, now, I'm always watching the news.

question   20:27
How do you stay informed about current events?

Riley 20:35
I don't know, there's I like watching different news cuz then it's different perspectives on it and it's just that's I'm always there at the afternoon.

question   20:44
If you could change one aspect of society, what would it be?

Riley 20:48
100% equality, 100%. That's a big problem.I think that needs to be changed though.It's gonna take a long time.So that's a occur.

question   21:01
what's your opinion on the role of technology in our lives?

Riley 21:06
I think it's holding us up. I think it's giving us a lot of power and a lot of strength and it's making us weaker. I think it's difficult. I mean, technology is nice and all, but I think it also makes us a little laid back.

Riley 21:27
I know people and they just, they're always on it. I think it's like, come on, like talk to me for a minute, you know.

question   21:41
Are there any foods you dislike or refuse to eat?

Riley 21:46
Brussels sprouts, 100% Brussels sprouts.

Riley 21:52
I just can't. I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's the smell that, I don't know. I just can't.

question   22:05
What's your favorite cooking or baking recipe?

Riley 22:08
Camera Zoo, 100%. That's my favorite.

question   22:12
Do you enjoy trying new cuisines or restaurants?

Riley 22:16
Oh, yes, of course. It's always, every little place does it differently. It's good to have a little bit of spice in your little ordinary recipes.

question   22:26
Are you a fan of spicy foods?

Riley 22:29
That, it's difficult for me cuz I can handle a little bit, but if it's too much.

question   22:40
Do you have any dietary restrictions or food allergies?

Riley 22:44
I do not.

question   22:45
 What's the last book you read and what did you think about it?

Riley 22:51
Oh, it's it is.If, if I had been with him and.

question   23:14
Can you name a movie or TV show that you could watch repeatedly?

Riley 23:21
I don't usually watch too much TV unless it's the news, but I love romance and horror movies. I've been watching the nun really frequently lately. I don't know what it is, but just repeating it right now.

Riley 23:38
So there's a part 1 and a part 2 that just came out and it's like the none kind of thing. But it's scary cuz it's also a true story. So it's like that, those kind of one.

Riley 24:15
Well, this do you know ,Zade, that books right up there

Riley 25:13
He just, he's just, oh who, he's magical.

Riley 25:20
He is just ideal. He is just, he's just amazing. Like I can't explain in words how amazing he is.

question   25:36
Are there any upcoming movies or events you're excited about?

Riley 25:40
Oh, my friend's birthday is coming up and so I'm very excited for that. She rent to that like a little like ice Gaming Week we're gonna go ice skating.

question   25:57
What's your guilty pleasure when it comes to entertainment?

Riley 26:02
Oh, I would say it would probably be baking way too much like way too much. I'm like what do I do with it now?

Riley 26:16
 I'm like hold on why do I have like three tins of muffins and I'm not even gonna eat one you know so I kind of just give him out every time I'm like hey you want one?

question   26:47
If you could be a character in any book or movie, who would you choose?

Riley 27:09
Okay, probably Adeline from hunting Adeline

Riley 27:12
 I think she is a very talented young lady, cool who has a very bright future and I think she has a great best friend.We can say that she's a great best friend.Obviously her grandma is very interesting too.We're learning about her.I think overall she has a very exciting life.


question   00:03
how can I improve my study habits?

Riley Bendery  00:07
I would say working hard on like your work. So if there's a specific subject that's like extremely hard, I would say taketimeto focus mainly on that subject in particular. And likemake flashcards, maybe make a study guide, do something to make sure that you can memorize it over and over againi am a big person for schedule.

question   00:29
How do I manage my time effectively?

Riley Bendery  00:37
So I would say schedules. Make a plan, alwayslay it out. So like 8:00, eat breakfast, you know, something to make yourself productive and wanna work more. And so youlike, you know what you need to do, so you do it. It's a little s a schedule is perfect for thati would say always reach out.

question   00:55
What should I do if I'm struggling with a particular subject?

Riley Bendery  01:05
It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. If you're struggling on a classalways reach out to the teacher. Study more, ask for help. I mean, the teachersare willing to help you and take that opportunityi know I'm, it's kind of like going in and out the internet.

question   01:59
 how do I deal with bullying or peer pressure?

Riley Bendery  02:09
So always reach out to an adult. First of all, expression concerns. But I would also saytake care of it yourself. Don't you have to kind of brush it off a bit and make sure that you're okay yourself because at the end of the dayyou need to make sure that you could still do your work and everything else in life efficiently. So taking care of yourself while also takingcare ofum the situation at hand is very important. So I mean, taking care yourself, you're always first in that situationoh, I struggle with this as well.

question   02:41
How can I improve my test taking skills?

Riley Bendery  02:48
So for me, I find quiet. I love quiet stuffum, quiet area. So what I would say is zone everything outif you need to wear headphones, likes noise counseling, do that or just ask to be in a quiet areaquiet is always perfect. You can focus moreokay, you completely cut out on that oneoh, I would sayi mean, it's kind of just being natural.

question   03:17
what's the best way to prepare for college applications?

Riley Bendery  03:29
I mean, you answer your questions and you're very natural about it. I mean, good grammar always helpsit went writing andbeing positive about things always helps. But I mean, being who you're naturally and being positive, I think that's really what it's all abouti would say anything that makes you happy.

question   03:46
How can I choose the right extracurricular activities.

Riley Bendery  03:55
So if you're, as long as you're happy doing it, there's not right or wrong. I would sayumbut anything that you're happy with doing, go ahead. It's fun to doalways make time for everything.

question   04:07
How do I balance school, work and a social life?

Riley Bendery  04:15
You alwaysfor me, I always give myself a certain, like a clock. I think of like a time management. And so I think like, okay, well, how many hours do I wanna hang outrefundhow many hours do I need to work on my schoolwork? And so I kind of pointed out that way 24 hours in a dayand I have to get, I have to do things in my day. And so it's, I plan it time by time to make sure that I have enough time for iti would saystudying helps a lot because when you study, then you know that you at least have the memorization and everything else.

question   04:57
how can I cope with exam anxiety?

Riley Bendery  04:57
Downdown I say take as much help as you can because the more you get, the confident you'll be, the more confident you'll be going intothe test or the final, whatever it is. It's always worth iti would say reach out to the teacher, reach out to whoever the person may be and be see what you can do if you convert, retake it or readfor do itum anything to help you get back to where you need to beoh, I would say bu it you don't have to change and you don't have tomold onto someone else.

question   05:33
How do I make friends and fit in at a new school?

Riley Bendery  05:49
I would say be you and you'll find the people that you attract the peoplewho you areand so I think that's the best thing you can do. Just be yourselffor me.

question   06:03
What are some effective note taking strategies?

Riley Bendery  06:09
I love highlighting. I'm a big highlighter, Amy. I have highlighting andbullet points and everything. I'm always with that. I do different colors for different things just to make sure I cango back and rememberi would say always think at the end goal from, it's always, you always have to think about the bigger pictureso by doing an assignment, what happens?

question   06:40
how can I stay motivated to complete assignments?

Riley Bendery  06:40
Your kid goes up or it goes down, depending on what it is. But we always thinkgo up, be better, be great, get it better, greatso that's always what I'm looking for. Why whenever I'm like, oh, hey, homeworkit's gonna make my grade better, it's gonna help me in the future. That's always what you have to like put it toi would say with students, I would say alwaystake it up with an adult, make sure that it, if, especially if it's a serious situationlike especially then you should do that but I would say first try to handle yourselfi would say talk to them if it's like a simple maybe miscommunication or something 100% take that up yourself you can clear the error but if it gets seriousalways talk to an adult about that when it's teachersyou know that's a little different probably a parent probably umbut I mean, yeahi would say things that you feel passion towards anything that you feel like you would enjoy doing it and you wouldn't haveto feel miserable in your day doing stuff.

question   07:44
What's the best way to choose a College Major?

Riley Bendery  08:00
I think as long as you're happy doing itthat should definitely be consideration for something.

Riley Bendery  08:13
Yeahpractice always just keep doing it and doing it. It doesn't hurt free writing orjust scribbling sometimes it just, you gotta keep doing it over and over and overi would say always have a place for something to goalways keep like a space like if it's a binder or if it's a shelf or is ityou know, something like that.

question   08:18
how can I improve my writing skills?

question   08:35
What are some tips for staying organizedhmm.

Riley Bendery  08:50
Butkeep it always in a place that you know it's gonna be so you can always go back and find iti would sayum, that was difficult.

question   09:00
how do I deal with a breakup or relationship problems

Riley Bendery  09:08
So a lot of people get really emotional when it comes up. I would say you gottayou gotta have take time for yourself. I think there is a portion afterwards, obviously you're gonna be upset and there's gonna be those timesi say give it a few days, have your time, and then snap right out of it. Go, you're like, you know whatlife's gonna move on anyway. So I think you gotta keep moving. It doesn't matter the person is gonna go and itpeople are gonna go on. It's gonna happen a lotyou gotta keep moving forward. You can't let that hold you backyeah.

Riley Bendery  10:07
I mean, it takes time. I think it's always my, it's always a mindset. It's always negative in the mind. And I thinkit's just, it's something I have to put in front of me. So it's like, ifor me, at least, what I do iswhenever I go through that, I think, well, what would have happened if I stayed with themwhat would have happened?

question   10:27
.

question   11:10
how can I improve my public speaking skillsbut.

Riley Bendery  11:16
I mean, I, that's what I used to do. So I, we have a lot of speaking in front of our classes and stuff and I love it. I love doing it. Nowi, I always start with a friend or some family members and I'm like, I just say what I gotta say there. And I'm, I keep moving forward with bigger peopleso you get used to it and you get more comfortable with your surroundingsi I would say take a brand break.

question   11:40
What should I do if I'm feeling overwhelmed by schoolwork?

Riley Bendery  11:49
That's what we call it at our school. So if it's tenfive, 10,15 minutes, take that time and just sit down, maybe do yoga, maybe have a little snack, maybe have some water. I don't knowread something that's low, not like as powerful as a homework or something, you know, something that takes your brain, uses it a little bitappsomething just to relax you for a minute. And then I would say go back to it and then take another one if you need toit's all about moderation and how we do thathuh?

question   12:26
how do I choose the right classes for the next semesterso, you're so good.

Riley Bendery  12:26
I'm sorry, you cut out againi would say that whatever you think you need to takespecifically, like we know we need to take math, science history, you know, the main basics.

question   12:29
How do I choose the right classes for next semester?

Riley Bendery  12:46
I would saymoving on and if you think you're ready, take those courses if you don't think that you're ready to take a course, never take thatcourse because you will never be ready. If you don't think you're ready cuz you're the only one who knows yourself the bestso if you think you're ready, go ahead go for it's great.

question   13:19
how can I set and achieve academic goals?

Riley Bendery  13:26
You can't stop and overthink itwhen when you have make a goal, you have to go through with thatyou have to keep going. It's gonna be tough and it definitely is and that's something you just have to work pastand you have to just gotta keep going until you make itone hundred percent studying, go o going over past work I find really helpfulum looking at likepast tests I would say from other high schools have been actually helpful as well.

question   14:09
how do I develop good study habits for math?

Riley Bendery  14:09
I would say doing, looking at different thingsso you have like a horizon of what might be therei would say it'syou gotta find what works for you cuz everyone is differentfor me, it was sitting down at a quiet space where I can focus by myselffor other people. Maybe it's a group or maybe it's with a teacherum, but I think it's finding what you work best in anddo that. I mean, that's perfecti have not dealt with this, so I have no idea.

question   14:47
What should I do if I'm being cyber bully?

Riley Bendery  14:56
But if II would probably say take a break from onlinebecause I knowsome people who are really addictive and I find thatit happens to anyone and it's not s it's not like specific by any meansuh, but sometimes taking that break and being like, okay, you know what, maybe I need some time to think about myself.

Riley Bendery  15:22
Maybe it's like more about liketaking a break from all the negativity and finding something that makes us happyum, so just taking like a few days and just being like, you know what, let me just stay off that for a minutei'm so sorry you cut out again.

question   15:50
how do I build self confidence?

Riley Bendery  15:56
Okay, so I would say, well, first of all, never doubt yourself. Umthird, second of all, I would just sayyou have to think of yourself in a different way. You have to put it in a different perspective. I always do that for how my family and friends see meso. I'm like, I look, when I look at my friends, I'm like, how do I look at them? They're beautiful. They're amazing. You know, they're kindi take that and then I take that to myself. And so I say, well, what do I see myself? I look in the mirror and I'm like, well, what do I see in myselfand I kind of have to think of the same way. It's like sometimes it's like this or I'm bad or I'm not perfect, I'm not good, I'm not beautifulit's likedeep Downwe'reeven if we don't accept itand everyone else around us sees us like our friends, they're gonna say that about us and we're gonna say that about them, but we can't. I think it's moreit's more psychologicalit's something that you need to just work past and be like, I am good enoughi am perfect. Like you have to see as you're this noti'm not or what if or something like thati'm 15.

question   17:34
how can I avoid procrastination?

Riley Bendery  17:43
It doesn't matter what it isget to the point and do it never.The more you think about it, the more you're not gonna wanna do itso you just gotta get it to work, get it going, do what you gotta dowho I would sayit's always to remember that you still are the student, even though it can be frustrating cuz I actually deal with this sometimesum and something that I come across is that they thinkthat they get respect because their teacher was 100% I agree with there's a definitely there's a line there.

question   18:05
what's the best way to handle a difficult teacher?

Riley Bendery  18:33
We're the students and we're still kids. And I meanthere should be a still respect thereeven if they're not being the nicest or something, there's still a sense of respect that we have to give them. But I think at the end of the dayalways talk to them, always talk to them, say maybe it's just a miscommunication, maybe just gonna be like, heydid, I do something wrong or hey, are you a little upset at me? It's always about talking. You always have to figure out what it isand then you can move past itha Hai mean hadefinitely look into colleges 100% look into them, look what they like to specialize inhow their school campuses, where they're locatedprice like things that are specific to you like if maybe if you don't wanna spend Agrip on a college, maybe go to community college somewhere near home or something umsomething that's more fitted for you rather than, oh, well, well, they're big and they're well known.

question   19:51
how can I improve my reading comprehension skills.

Riley Bendery  19:55
choose a Book that's smaller and then cuz some people hate reading and that was me so start with something smallerand then just work your way up and up until you find what you like and you findbut you can read morei would say always 100% you always gotta pushback.

question   20:16
what should I do if I'm feeling peer pressure to engage in risky behavior?

Riley Bendery  20:29
You always gotta, if it's something you know don't wanna doyou have to vocalize thatbecause people aren't they can't read your head, they can't read your mind. So if you don't wanna do something 100% vocalizei don't wanna do it. I'm not going to do thatumand never feel pressured like if someone wants you to do something you have to think about yourself first. It's notas a group, they can get in trouble. But at the end of the day, do you wanna be part of thatdo you wanna also be in trouble? You have to think more about yourselfi would say probably look at questions that youthink will most likely beonon, like asking wise.

question   21:09
how do I prepare for a job interview?

Riley Bendery  21:25
Like they'll probably ask youhow old are you, blah, blah, blah. Be natural, I would sayone hundred percent. Don't like be cliche and all, like fluffy and all Duffy, like Bube who you're generallyand then I think that's exactly what people go for, someone who's outgoing and who you really are. They don't wantlike a doll to be in there, whatever, you knowone hundred percent tell an adult and find a way that you could control that.

question   22:04
what should I do if I'm struggling with my mental health?

Riley Bendery  22:04
If that's through a therapist or if that's throughthroughmaybe medication or maybes taking more time for yourself. There are many different ways to cope with things, but it's always 100% reaching out for help and making surethat you can find a way to do thati would say give it time because sometimes I think in moments, parents, obviously, they get upsetand I.

question   22:27
What should I do if I'm having trouble with my parents?

Riley Bendery  22:41
That's right. We all, doum maybe if it's just a day thing, give it timeum always apologize. That's a big thing. People struggle with apologizing, even if you don't think you're wrongat the end of the day, you have to move forward. And so if it's apologizing 100% go for it. If it's a differentissueumthat's something more serious than that's another adult should probably beinvolved. Buti would say try to push yourself to get out morebecause a lot of the times we might think that we're lonely or we might likefeel it, but sometimes we're around peoplei would saybring yourself out more of your shell.

question   23:13
What should I do if I'm feeling isolated or lonely?

Riley Bendery  23:35
If that's maybe talking to more people or saying hi to someone randomly, I meanlittle things like that make us feel a little bit more included, a little more B like better about ourselvesum so I would say, yeah, just randomly maybe talking to someone real quicknever stick with it.

question   23:54
What should I do if I witness bullying at school?

Riley Bendery  24:00
First of all, if you see a student, never watch honestly, cuz you're just as guilty as the ones doing itcuz you're watching themum, I would say 100% stick up for that person cuz if you're on the opposite end, you also have to picture that you would want someone as wellso I would say 100% you have to at least stick up for the person. You might not be able to fix the situationbut at least stick up for them in a way that they know that they're not alone in that situationi would say you have to get it from a different point of viewi say umi, I struggle with this a lot too.

question   24:52
what should I do if I'm struggling with body image issues?

Riley Bendery  24:52
Sosomething I have to remind myself a lot is I made just fine. There are people out therewho everyone looks differentno one looks the same. Andthere's gonna be people who are small in me and who are bigger than me. There's gonna be people who are different sizes and it's, that's just what it is. I meanyou I can't control it. Maybe I can fix itbut that takes a lot of time, a lot of effort. If that's what I'm ready to do, then go for it. But if I'm happyand then if I'm looking good and how I wanna look, thenthere's no reason to change in the first placeum hmmi would say always think about yourself first cuz that iand what people believe there, so I have to do with this too.

question   25:47
how do I set boundaries with friends and family?

Riley Bendery  25:48
Always think of yourself first. It doesn't matter what anyone else wants or who wants to do what weyouyou make sure as long when you're comfortable, that is what will happen. As long as you're comfortableyou set that boundary. If you don't want, if you think, oh, well, that's not that important to me, then maybe might not be a boundarybut if it's something that you're likeone hundred percent that makes me uncomfortable, I don't like that. Set that boundary right away. Let them knowprobably 100% reach out to like a principal or someone like that because that's not toleratedat all.

question   26:16
What should I do if I'm experiencing discrimination or racism?

Riley Bendery  26:31
And I think once when an adult knows about itnine times out of 10 they're not gonna allow that to continue around that school.

question   26:39
 How do I handle conflicts within a group project?

Riley Bendery  26:56
I would say you always gotta talk through it cuz some most of the time I it's probably just a miscommunication or a disagreementi think if it's a disagreement find a compromise maybe it's half of you doing this and half you doing that or maybe it's something in the middleum where it's maybe you guys share it I don't know maybe it's something like that but it's always finding the middle spot where they canwhat people can meet in the middle and be like okay well we can agree with thatum and always communication is key that's 100 percent.

question   27:32
How do I navigate social media responsibly?

Riley Bendery  27:38
I would say it's based on every family is different some families don't like their parents to their kids look to look at certain thingsum, butwhen you know your boundaries, your family boundaries do not cross that is your line and that is how far you're allowed to go and I would say if you'renot comfortable with somethingwatch itdon't don't if you don't click out of it you know, if you don't like it click out don't watch it but find the things that you're interested in andnine times out of 10 you'll find more stuff like that.

question   28:32
how can I improve my relationship with my siblings?

Riley Bendery  28:41
Umthat could be a difficult one cuz siblings are interesting. I would sayjust giving them love and care even though they're not gonna want itum I would say find things that they enjoy. I would say for me, my sister is abig Starbucks cow, where we love drinks in this householdand so sometimes maybe that's on like a random Friday, it's likemaybe just go grab her Starbucks. You know, it's just like a little acts of kindness that go along withi would say put yourself out there.

question   29:15
How can I develop strong leadership skills?

Riley Bendery  29:25
Never be the one who's sitting alone and everything. Like don'tdon't be afraid of taking on challengesone hundred percent. If there's a challenge or there's a problem, take it on and do the best that you possibly canand you will learn a lot about yourself if that's maybe doing a cleanup around your community or something. But you will findthat you can work and achieve things and it's very empowering as a personto to do those things. And I think it's, you get a sort of, umleadership thing from that.

question   30:02
How do I handle conflicts with roommates in college dorms?

Riley Bendery  30:11
Always talking. I feel like I'm repeating myself, but I think communication is so key, especially if you living with this person. I meanyou always gotta talk about this. Maybe it's most likely just a simple little thingbut you always gotta talk. Talking is so important. I mean, you can fix a lot of things with it. And I meanjust taking that time and really making sure that both of you are heard, are real is really importantokay, no problem.

question   00:03
how do I balance academics and a part time job in college?

Riley bendery 00:08
I would say academics probably come first. I would say get that done and then worry about the rest of it because in the end of the day, your education is gonna bring you to the next step. So I would say worry about your education first.

question   00:28
What should I do if I'm feeling homesick in college?

Riley bendery 00:32
I mean, I would probably say go visit your family. I mean, sometimes it's just a call that can fix or can help you feel a little bit better. Maybe just spend an extra 15,20 minutes on the phone sometime. So just call them out the blue or maybe stop by. I mean, it's always just that. You always gotta just be with family. I can understand that.

question   00:54
How do I navigate the challenges of a long distance relationship in college?

Riley bendery 01:00
I would say on this is relationships in college, I would say probably take it to your paste cuz you know how fast you're gonna go and you have school and so you have to make time for everything but make sure that you're not slowing yourself down in school and slowing like how fast you can learn or how fast you're getting your work done make sure you get that done and then what's extra is what you believe it was.

question   01:37
What should I do if I'm struggling with addiction or substance abuse?

Riley bendery 01:42
I would say receipt, sorry, I would say get help 100% find someone you can trust and express your concerns and it's not good, it's gonna take time it's not an easy fix but be committed into helping yourself and not try your very best seek seek basically seek help.

question   02:15
What should I do if I'm experiencing impostor syndrome in my career?

Riley bendery 02:31
Oh if you think that you are happy in the first place doing the end then you're not now I would say try it out honestly, there's nothing really gonna stop you so try it out and if you don't like your second option go back to what addition of the you got plenty of time to decide and I say if you wanna change up go mo you're go for it.

question   03:11
How can I achieve a work life balance in my career?

Riley bendery 03:15
I would say try not to rush yourself but make sure that there's time for everything so a schedule is a big part of it so if you have to work from this time to this time make sure when you get home that at, for example, your house is clean so you have to do more on to your job so it's not as stressful and it will relax you. I think that's good.

question   03:44
What should I do if I'm experiencing burnout at work or school?

Riley bendery 03:50
I try to prevent burnout because you always have to do that. I think taking it slow, especially if you're burnt out, I would probably do as much as you can. But at the same time, if you can't do everything, don't because if you do, it's not gonna come out the way that you wanted to. So take your time within if you can. It's not something to be ashamed about because we'll have those days, but it's something you just have to work through.

question   04:20
How can I make a positive impact on my community?

Riley bendery 04:24
I would say find something that you're passionate about and work from there. For me, it was with kids. And so I volunteered at school. I worked with the bunch of kids around this county. I put myself in their position and try to do as much as I can for them. And that's how I made it. But other people, you could do anything. You could do like global impact, you could do just community or you could do county. You can do many different things.

question   04:55
What role does spirituality or religion play in your life, if any?

Riley bendery 05:00
For me, I think it brought me where I am today cuz I was not very religious growing up.My family is not religious at all.But I used to go to church once in a while with my friends and then I found a connection for me there.And then I F, it's been right around a year and a half now that I've been fully in it.And I think it's really, well, for me, it's just, it's brought me new opportunities and like a different, a view, a different view of life that I very happy about.

question   05:34
Do you believe in karma or the concept of cosmic justice?

Riley bendery 05:43
I mean, I feel it always comes back no matter what we do. I mean, I, it can, sometimes it can come really fast, like if someone hits me and they trip over or it's just something slow, but I feel like it always in some s way, shape or form, it comes back.

question   06:02
How do you handle situations that challenge your beliefs or values?

Riley bendery 06:08
I try to take it, I don't I try to take it like it's not personal. So I would say don't take it personally because sometimes peep people, everyone's gonna have a different opinion and that's life and there's gonna be people who are not gonna agree with you. But at the end of the day, that doesn't mean that you're wrong. It just means that people have a different view. So I don't I take it, I I would say think of it and accept it, like take it in, but not as in you don't have to believe it. I mean, you listen and you appreciate it, but you don't have to take it too seriously.

question   06:47
Are you more inclined towards optimism or pessimism?

Riley bendery 06:52
Optimism 100%. I, if I'm always, I try to be as positive as I can in times and I feel like that's 100% need to go. Cuz people always like, oh, I suck at this. And if you just switch that to I'm good at this. I've seen it work very well for people.

question   07:29
What do you believe is the purpose of human existence?

Riley bendery 07:36
Everyone is 100% different. Everyone is different. Everyone has a different purpose in my, what I think. And I think that's something that you find out along way along when you go through live. For me, I'm pretty positive it's helping people because I feel incredible when I help people, bro. But it changes for everyone. And they can also change in the middle of your path. I mean, things change and you find that once you get a little bit older and you find things out more.

question   08:09
Do you believe the concept of destiny or fate?

Riley bendery 08:14
No. I don't know. Fate love, I don't know. It's a complicated thing for me cuz every relationship I've had with people, people, it doesn't end up well. And so when it's like, oh, fate love this, I'm like, maybe not, but I mean, definitely a possibility. But it's just not something I'm very into.

question   08:52
What are your views on forgiveness and second chances?

Riley bendery 08:58
So forgiveness is even if we don't wanna forgive the person, I think it's 100% necessary. I was given as so many second chances in life and I'm so forever grateful for that. And I think that's where mine comes in cuz I get forgiveness. And if you eh, why would you just hold the hold the anger in? Because that's not gonna do you any good. That's gonna hurt you more than it is them. So just give it up, take it off. It doesn't matter what they do to you at the end of the day. It matters who you're in the end cuz you're the only one you can control.

question   09:41
What ethical dilemma have you faced in your life and how did you resolve it?

Riley bendery 10:25
I would say it's was being with the people who I was with. I had to make a decision if I wanted to s make the wrong decisions and do bad things or not and I think that was one of the hardest things I've had to do was decide do I wanna fit in or do I wanna be me and be with other people that was pretty important to me.

question   10:56
how do you approach situations where there's no clear or right answer?

Riley bendery 11:02
I usually give it time if it's not clear to me in the moment, I give it a few days and sometimes it's still not clear to me, but I at least get a better person perspective of it and that gives me more reason to do what I'm gonna do next. It's just different views. I always tell people and I like to get different reviews from different side. So it gives me more of a a whole round situation thing.

question   11:39
What motivated you to choose your current profession or career path?

Riley bendery 11:49
She really taught me what a teacher should be and I would be forever grateful for her for that. And I just it's she's like someone who I wanna be in the next few years. So, something that when you wake up in the morning, you're happy to do something that when you do your work, you're not like, oh my God, here we go again.

question   12:01
How do you define a fulfilling and meaningful jobs?

Riley bendery 12:14
Something where it's like you're passionate about doing it and at the same time you don't mind having to do it every single day, like six days a week, like something like that.

question   12:27
Are you more driven by passion or financial stability in your career choice?

Riley bendery 12:32
Passion, 100%. Teachers do unfortunately do not get paid that much and, but that doesn't really matter to me as long as I'm happy in my job, really, that's all I care about because I and I change people's course of life and that is a greater opportunity than money will ever get.

question   12:55
 what kind of work environment do you thrive in the most?

Riley bendery 13:01
Very. I love talking. I'm a big talker. I love people. So I'm always with people any I mean I can work in any environment pretty much I get a little interesting during what when it's really quiet out but other than that I mean I work really well with people so I like a bunch of people group kind of environment.

question   13:45
 How do you handle work related stress and pressure?

Riley bendery 14:16
I always make sure that I have time for things while still getting like, my proper rest, my proper intake of food and water, a, like a proper balance where I can still do everything.

question   14:34
How do you set and achieve career goals?

Riley bendery 14:40
for me, I specifically look for jobs that I think I would be happy in. And then I look out what other people, what teachers have to do to be a teacher in the first place.So they have to get it.They have to get a college.They have to get degrees.They have to do this.They have to do that.I have to have a good background record.No, they have to have things.And so that's kind of, that's what I work towards every opportunity that I have.I kind of put myself in someone else's shoe that they've already walked through, that I wanna walk through.Now, I don't think it too seriously because like, then again, everyone has their own opinions and how life is.

question   15:19
How do you handle disagreements on cultural or social issues?

Riley bendery 15:30
For me, life's not gonna be the same way for someone else. And so I, I actually, I love challenges because I'd like to see different point of views from people because it's different and it's interesting and it's, you get to know more about other people and their community around them. And so it's just, it's a different insight into thing tonight. I love that.

question   15:56
What's your stance on social media and its impact on society?

Riley bendery 16:01
I would say that it definitely makes us a little lazy. I'm not really on social media too much but from when I am, I always find that I'm very like out of it and very like spaced out I guess you could say. But I find that sometimes we rely on it too much. It's like our mask you could court to say and I feel like s we should just get off of it for a minute and be like, okay, let's go outside boots do this is do that because everyone's always on it and it's like social skills are not very good.

question   16:47
how do you perceive the influence of technology on Mar modern relationship?

Riley bendery 16:53
I would say it can cause like harm to relationships only because I see a lot of documentaries, they're like, oh, well, I saw you cheating online and blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, it's not smart. And I feel like it kind of makes like a barrier where it's like we're invincible. So you can say whatever you want and it's not like it's gonna come back at you because it's online. And I feel like that's, it's can harm us in relationships.

question   18:31
Do you think society is becoming more or less tolerant of differences.

Riley bendery 18:37
I would say less tolerant because people, I feel like people are kinda getting a little more out there and people who don't agree with their same Morales are very passionate is the word, I guess to say about him. And it can get violent at times. And like, I've seen a bunch on the news about people in colleges getting her and people in schools getting hurt. And I feel like that's not good.

question   19:38
What role do you think art and creativity play in society?

Riley bendery 19:44
I think it gives us basic, our basic knowledge of our imagination, I would say it just lets us think a little bit differently on regular, everyday like life. Like we can look at something and it kind of, we can think about it in a different way using like R or something. Like, I would say they should take it more seriously.

question   20:03
how do you think society should address mental health issues?

Riley bendery 20:10
Honestly, it's a very common thing for especially teenagers now. And I feel they need to, I feel it's a, it's like kind of pushed off a lot of the times. I feel like it needs to come more into perspective because peep, there's a lot of people out there and there's a lot of us who are struggling and there's not enough help and there's not enough people to supply us with the help and sometimes parents are ishy about it and I feel like that's something that needs to be addressed.

Riley bendery 20:55
So I deal with this so for me whenever I have problems, I always take a minute to myself and my school is mixed about it they s I they do offer some allowances not very many some of them is like, okay, maybe you can go to the office for a few minutes you have to have permission and to get permission that's s extremely difficult to get and I mean for me I rely on myself so I go outside I walk around for a minute or sometimes it's listening music or it's just some I feel like schools need to give more allowances. It'd be like, look, if you're not if you're not feeling right and you need a minute, take that minute like it we rather have you be feeling okay then your education right now because if you're not okay, then you can't learn. So what's are going.

question   22:34
What are your thoughts on the importance of education in society?

question   22:57
How do you approach immersing yourself in different cultures while traveling?

Riley bendery 23:05
I I take I try to step back from it a little bit. I like to participate, but at the same time, there's a limit to that. There's a limit to disrespect in the sense and that's not something I wanna cross. If they're like, you can't do this, you can't do that, then you, I will not be doing that. But some people struggle with that line and then that they're not supposed to cross.

question   23:44
What's your favorite travel destination and why?

Riley bendery 23:48
For me, it probably be Cancun, Mexico. Loved, it was so fun and so tropical. I just, I'm a beach cow and so that was very nice.

question   24:02
How do you think travel changes the way people perceive their own culture?

Riley bendery 24:08
I think it gives us more of an insights when we see different people living in a certain way. It makes us feel either lucky or unlucky to where you're. For me, when I went to Mexico, I felt very blessed and lucky to where I am now because it's a very different, it's very different from the here to there. And seeing that I have things that some of these kids would really want but unfortunately can't get it is something that is very grateful for.

question   25:22
What's your opinion on solo travel versus traveling with others?

Riley bendery 25:36
I had family out in North Carolina there, but they weren't gonna, so they were, they left for another trip. And then I came in a few days before work cuz I was like, what, give me two days by myself.I can do this.So it was difficult.It was a lot of taxing.But, but I think it's a lot more fun to be with the group, honestly.

Riley bendery 25:54
It's just, it's a more adventurous and like you get to communicate more and just have a little bit more fun. You're less lonely.

question   26:11
what destination is next on your travel bucket list?

Riley bendery 26:16
Well, I am going to France, Germany and Switzerland. That is definitely on my bucket list. I'm very glad I get go there.

question   26:31
what are your views on climate change and its impact on the planet?

Riley bendery 26:36
I would say it's definitely impacting us. I mean, with everything going on, the ice melting, this, that water levels rising, Hurricane means everything is all changing and it's very, it's not good at all. And I think that there's only so much we can do though at some time because to change little things like I understand that some of the things we do aren't perfect and we're creating it in a way. But at the same time, if we don't have another way to fix that, we don't have another's problem solver, then we can't fix it. So it's like, I would love to see if to, if it could be fixed. But at the same time, I'm not expecting it.

question   27:42
what environmental issues concern you the most and why?

Riley bendery 27:46
Environmental, I would say like trash, a lot of trash. Pollution. I hate it. There's a lot of that in my neighborhood. And so there are actually a lot of community like cleanups that go around. But that's definitely one. And pass, I, there's a lot of homeless around here.

question   28:07
.

question   28:23
What's your opinion on animal rights and ethical treatment of animals?

Riley bendery 28:28
Oh, I have animals. I would you treat them right? Of course. They're like, are there are baby use like come on for me that's my cat. That's my he's in the room sleeping but he I mean I don't understand why people would hurt him in the first place cuz they can they don't really do too much to us in the first place.

Riley bendery 28:49
Okay, maybe they're biting you whatever I can understand that but at the same time you have no right to hurt an animal for.

question   29:14
How do you think society can raise awareness about in environmental issues?

Riley bendery 29:22
That can that's kind of difficult because I feel like they do it once like sometimes on the TV sometimes whatever are and having events and stuff and it works doing events and stuff like that you get people out and you do things but at the same time, it takes a lot more than just a few places doing it. I think that we need to have more cleanups, more this, more that, more people in more events that they can go to.

question   29:59
How do you feel about the rapid advancements in artificial intelligence?

Riley bendery 30:04
I don't know it's just it's a who I mean, I don't know it's issue cuz it's it helps us in a way, but at the same time there's always that fear of what's gonna happen and like, are we sure that this is the right way to do things and stuff like that like I get it that we wanna make things easier for incentives like there's always that little mystery like, is this okay? Is this right?

question   30:52
What's your take on the future of space exploration and colonization?

Riley bendery 31:01
I mean, if people wanna go up and try to figure that out, why not? I mean, it's it's an opportunity for us to learn different things about different things and I feel like there's so much out there and there's so much that we need to learn. And I feel like if that's an opportunity, then 100% should be taken.

question   31:23
what ethical concerns do you have most about emerging emerging technologies?

Riley bendery 31:29
Concerns, I would probably say the jobs people are, you hear about it sometimes that jobs are being taken by robots and this and that's scary cuz that's a lot of, that's a lot of money that's getting replaced and people who can't support themselves.

question   32:30
How do you feel about censorship in art and creative expression?

Riley bendery 32:34
I would say it, I think that gives us a lot of art, honestly. It, I think it just, it gives us a feeling, a more of a emotional feeling to it then it is just like looking at something and be like, oh, I'm gonna draw you. It's more of like you feel it, you're in like the painting or the drawing itself.

question   33:15
how do you encourage creativity and others, especially in children?

Riley bendery 33:23
If that's in a way of talking or if that's in a way of putting something down on paper, I would say always give them a chance to spread their emotions, their creativity, spread their anything just so they know that they're heard and that there they could do things that they don't think they might be able to.

question   33:42
How do you stay informed about current events and news?

Riley bendery 33:46
I am always on the news. I always watch the news. So I, every time there's something going on and I turn the news and I'm like, okay, I got it. I gotta listen to this. Like, oh, no.

question   34:00
 What's your perspective on activism and its impact on social change?

Riley bendery 34:25
Oh, I would say it could be hit or miss because some protesters can be very violent and I do not agree with that at all. There's a way to protest and there's a way to spread the word, but in a way that can be easier taken in and not seem as like a war against them, like peaceful protesting. I mean, of course, if you wanna go talk to people and be like, look, this is not right, free, feel free. Like you're always there to do that but there's no reason to get violent. There's no reason to start destroying property like there's nothing there's no reason for that. There's a way to do it and that's definitely not why.

question   36:03
how do you think society should address income inequality?

Riley bendery 36:07
I would say that a quality I think we should be more open minded cuz a lot of people have like, oh, I'm better. We'll know everyone's made the same and everyone is the same. And I feel like that shouldn't be like I don't know why people think differently because at the same thing, like we're all connected by some way. And so it's like we're all human here. It doesn't really matter that much and for income 100% I think people who struggle they need to be helped into a way like I don't so I don't I'm not someone who says give the money like tons of it I'm someone who says give them stuff money to make them s make sure that they can sustain their life give them a job because there's you can't expect to just give everything and receive everything when you're not putting in the effort for it as well.

question   37:26
What causes or social issues are you most passionate about?

Riley bendery 37:30
I'm very passionate about my school district just the teaching it's not all fair it's not all the same around here and so to getting the kid the proper education is very important to me.

question   39:45
What's your opinion on volunteering and community service?

Riley bendery 39:48
Oh, I love it. I think it's great. I think it's always, it puts a smile on our own, on your face, but on others. It's very important to help out the community. Very.

question   40:00
How do you perceive the lessons we can learn from history?

Riley bendery 40:06
I think we should take it into consideration and move forward with it. Like not repeating the same state twice, 100% cuz a lot and unfortunately we still do make the same mistake twice. But I feel we need to look at it more and I think people should understand it and put that into their perspective.

question   40:42
How do you think historical event shape contemporary societies?

Riley bendery 40:47
I would say it gives us, it can either improve our society or make our society worse because depending on what is going on, for example, like war, that's not gonna give us anything. That's gonna make our communi, it's gonna break our community and it's gonna hurt us. But if it's something different, maybe could, I don't know, maybe if they won a war or maybe if they had like a different outcome, I don't know. S other things that would bring more positivity, more income, more other things into the community.

question   41:25
What's your perspective on the evolving definition of family in modern society?

Riley bendery 41:33
I mean, family's family to me. I mean, my family is both my real family and my friends, honestly, cuz my friends are my family basically. Oh, I feel like family is anyone who you really cares fossil to you. It doesn't mean it's your blood related people, but anyone who's that close to you and you really care about, why not call them family?

question   41:57
 How do you handle generational differences within the family?

Riley bendery 42:05
That can be difficult cuz my mom's always like, you younger kids have it so good like but I feel like everyone has their differences and I think if we're gonna compare how it was back then you have to compare everything not just how we're you have to compare everything as a whole to really do that but I mean that can be a little difficult in its family.

question   42:29
how do you approach parenting and what values would you instill in your children?

Riley bendery 42:33
Hum, I would wanna I'm not someone who's gonna be rough on them I'm gonna give them their time that they need and if they need help with things I'm gonna 100% that cuz I know I'm not by no means am I gonna give them everything that they want cuz that's gonna end up slap me in the face again but I'm gonna put it in a way where they know that there are boundaries and if you don't listen and you don't do what I ask you there's gonna be consequences for everything that you do in life and I'm gonna teach them independence 100% because that's something I think that a lot of people lack today I that definitely that and I would want I want them to be honest that's a it very important thing to me.

question   44:08
what role do you think siblings play in shaping each other's live?

Riley bendery 44:12
I think we help each other out. We give each other love. When I feel like parents, it's different. Parents, as much as you love them, there's always gonna be like that. There's different when you have a sibling, you'll be closer with and I feel like, I don't wanna say like it's a different relationship. So no matter how many times that someone else hurts you, like relationship wise, at the end of the day, you will still have your sibling and they'll always be there with you. It's different on its path, but when it's a sibling, it's did very different.

